You must do what you feel is right, of course.
Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
Remember... the Force will be with you, always.
In my experience, there is no such thing as luck.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
Use the Force, Luke.
You can't win, Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
That's no moon. It's a space station.
Luke! Don't give in to hate. That leads to the Dark Side.
Who's the more foolish, the fool or the fool who follows him?
And these blast points, too accurate for Sandpeople. Only Imperial Stormtroopers are so precise.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
The circle is now complete. When I left you, I was but the learner. Now I am the master.
The Force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.
No. I am your father.
Impressive. Most impressive.
I am altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further.
You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
You have failed me for the last time, Admiral!
The Force is strong with this one.
The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
You must unlearn what you have learned.
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not.
Truly wonderful, the mind of a child is.
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
Adventure. Excitement. A Jedi craves not these things.
Size matters not. Judge me by my size, do you?
Fear is the path to the dark side... fear leads to anger... anger leads to hate... hate leads to suffering.
Wars not make one great.
Luminous beings are we... not this crude matter.
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
Control, control, you must learn control!
I'll never turn to the Dark Side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
If there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that it's farthest from.
I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.
The Force is strong in my family. My father has it. I have it. My sister has it. You have that power, too.
But I was going into Tosche Station to pick up some power converters!
If there's a bright center of the universe, you're on the planet that it's furthest from.
Your overconfidence is your weakness.
That's not true. That's impossible!
No one's ever really gone.
You'll find I'm full of surprises.
Never. I'll never turn to the dark side.
You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
This is your fight now.
Chewie...we're home.
Never tell me the odds.
Women always figure out the truth. Always.
Fast ship? You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon? It's the ship that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs.
Great shot, kid, that was one in a million!
Boring conversation anyway. LUKE, WE'RE GONNA HAVE COMPANY!
No reward is worth data.
Wonderful girl. Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her.
Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person: me.
I've got a bad feeling about this
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.
We have everything we need.
Someone has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, fly boy.
It's not over yet.
Hope is like the sun. If you only believe in it when you can see it, you'll never make it through the night.
You have your moments. Not many of them, but you do have them.
Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder!
The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.
Will someone get this big walking carpet out of my way?
You needn't worry about your reward. If money is all that you love, then that's what you'll receive.
I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.
We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease!
I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations.
Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3,720 to 1.
R2-D2, where are you?
If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short circuit.
Sir, it's quite possible this asteroid is not entirely stable.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease!
Excuse me sir, but that R2-D2 is in prime condition, a real bargain.
Madness! This is madness!


"I'll take the stupid one, who decided to threaten us rather than shoot us when he had the chance."

"I remember standing on the bridge with you and watching the destruction of the Republic—watching ships full of soldiers and Jedi burn and die. I remember the look you had when you turned to me. It was the longest you'd ever looked at me. You didn't say anything—just a nod. Events move quickly then, even in my dreams. Flashes, explosions, you—falling. I could feel the pain around me. And then the memory. The drifting hulks of the Mandalorian ships, the dead—allies, friends, strangers. And then the echo. Lingering. The sound I awaken to in my nightmares. Does anyone deserve the Mandalorians' fate? Even some of their conquered worlds fared better."

"Never play cards with Force-users."


"I'm Han Solo, captain of the Millennium Falcon."

"Luke you've got to leave this to a man with some style, a man of subtlety, a man who knows his way around cities. You go blundering around with that direct approach you usually favor, and someone might remember that they've seen you here before. At least we know I won't be recognized."

Barriss: "Please trust me, Bulgan. There are vastly more important things at stake here than my life, or the size of your future credit account. Are you familiar with the secessionist movement?"
Bulgan: "Only movement Bulgan know is in bowels."


"There are no dumb questions. No, check that. 'How do you become a slicer?' That's a dumb question. Last time I got that, I told the joker who asked that I had a special test that I'd made up, and that if he wanted to be a slicer, he had to pass it. So now he's on year five of his sentence. I think by this point he's probably figured out that he's not a slicer."


"If you whine long enough, someone will eventually hear you. If you keep whining after you're heard, someone will eventually shoot you."


"Hiding like a coward, are you? It's no use. The guards are everywhere. They can be here in an instant."

"You talk of cowards. And yet you summon the guards."

“I am only drawing a conclusion. Since I've arrived here, you've spoken of me as a coward. But there has always been a guard within your call. What do words mean when they are contradicted by actions? I have faced you alone, but you only face me with others who will do your fighting for you. Am I the coward?"

Beri Tulon
Brenn Tantor: "I'm going to steal an AT-AT."
Beri Tulon: "What? Are you out of your mind?"
Brenn Tantor: "Quite possibly. You gonna help me?"
Beri Tulon: "Sure. I've got nothing better to do."
―Brenn Tantor and Beri Tulon 
Bertroff Hissa
"To my fellow grand moffs, and to the grand admirals, other officers, stormtroopers, bounty hunters, slavelords, and slaves, I bid you all Dark Greetings!"
―Grand Moff Bertroff Hissa, greeting his fellow Imperials at the Mofference 
Trioculus: "We will need a new, secret home base. I have yet to decide where. I will now hear your suggestions."
Dunhausen: "I suggest the planet Tatooine. We can take over the Mos Eisley spaceport!"
Trioculus: "That useless planet where Jabba the Hutt died? Do you think I want the Empire to waste its time eliminating sand people like the Tusken Raiders and those two-bit traders, the Jawas?"
Thistleborn: "Bespin! Let's take over Cloud City!"
Trioculus: "We already have a barge full of factories for building weapons and mining tibanna gas on Bespin. Besides, Cloud City isn't a fit place to train our troops."
Takel: "Dagobah?"
Trioculus: "You're wasting my time!"
Hissa: "Hoth?"
―Trioculus and the Central Committee of Grand Moffs 
Beru Whitesun Lars
Beru: "Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his father in him."
Owen: "That's what I'm afraid of."
―Beru and Owen Lars, discussing Luke Skywalker 
Beru: "Where are you going?"
Luke: "Looks like I'm going nowhere."
―Beru Lars and Luke Skywalker, as Luke's enlistment in the Academy is put off another year 
Bex Kolos (a.k.a. "Gearbox")
"Ah, there's not a feeling in this galaxy like riding a hundred-ton walker right through the middle of a combat zone, huh, kid?"
―Gearbox, to a sergeant 
Beyghor Sahdett
"Have you seen him? The Emperor? Outwardly, he looks withered... ancient. That was our mistake. Inside, he is coiled fury... limitless rage. Like fire or lightning... or a crushing ocean of hate. No one can withstand him — or stand up to him."
―Beyghor Sahdett explains his change of allegiance 
Bhindi Drayson
Luke: "I have to say, this sounds like the worst idea in a thousand generations of bad ideas."
Bhindi: "You haven't heard all our ideas."
―Luke Skywalker and Bhindi Drayson 
Trey: "We really need a holoprojector. One, can I buy one?"
Bhindi: "Yes."
Trey: "Great! Ummm… we need a mansion?"
Bhindi: "No."
―Trey Courser (Wraith Four) and Bhindi Drayson (Wraith One) 
Bib Fortuna
Jabba: «I told you not to admit him.»
Luke: "I must be allowed to speak."
Fortuna: «He must be allowed to speak.»
Jabba: «You weak-minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick.»
―Jabba the Hutt, frustrated with Bib Fortuna for being influenced by Luke Skywalker 
Jabba: «I shall reward each of you greatly. One of you shall become my new majordomo, my right-hand man to assist me and to run the palace while I'm away. The other... shall have an even greater reward, one that history will remember.»
Fortuna: «Master, I shall be satisfied with the majordomo position. As Bidlo Kwerve has pointed out, he performed the greatest service to you. Please allow him to have the greater honor.»
Jabba: «Good.»
Kwerve: "What did he say?"
Jabba: «You shall be the first victim I feed to my rancor. I will watch your struggles and remember them for all time.»
―Jabba Desilijic Tiure, rewarding Bib Fortuna and Bidlo Kwerve for their efforts in acquiring him a pet rancor 
Bidlo Kwerve
Jabba: «I shall reward each of you greatly. One of you shall become my new majordomo, my right-hand man to assist me and to run the palace while I'm away. The other... shall have an even greater reward, one that history will remember.»
Fortuna: «Master, I shall be satisfied with the majordomo position. As Bidlo Kwerve has pointed out, he performed the greatest service to you. Please allow him to have the greater honor.»
Jabba: «Good.»
Kwerve: "What did he say?"
Jabba: «You shall be the first victim I feed to my rancor. I will watch your struggles and remember them for all time.»
―Jabba Desilijic Tiure, rewarding Bib Fortuna and Bidlo Kwerve for their efforts in acquiring him a pet rancor 
Biggs Darklighter
"I'm not going to wait around for the Empire to draft me into service. The Rebellion is spreading, and I want to be on the side I believe in."
―Biggs Darklighter, to Luke Skywalker 
BL-1707 (a.k.a. "Able")
Able: "Are you saying we won the war? Then where did this Empire come from?"
Narra: "You won the war… and the entire Galaxy lost. The Empire is what the Republic turned into. What it was twisted into."
―Able finds out the results of the Clone Wars from Narra 
Boba Fett
Boba Fett quotes, now in excess of 30, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Boba Fett
Bollux
Bollux: "I can only hope there'll be no repercussions, Captain."
Han Solo: "What for?"
Bollux: "For destabilizing a planetary government to get even for having your ship shot up, sir."
Han Solo: "Serves them right for cheating!"
―Bollux and Han Solo, after a deal gone wrong on Brigia 
Bolook
Revan: "Handon is lying!"
Bolook: "Why do you believe that?"
Revan: "Fat people always lie."
Bolook: "That... is a novel assumption. The degree of corpulence in an individual has not been scientifically linked to honesty and I find your adherence to that belief... remarkable. It does not, however, constitute evidence."
―Revan and Bolook, discussing the guilt of Handon Guld 
Bomo Greenbark
"All right. Stay close, and stay behind me. Keep your head down. I have to kill a lot of bad guys now."
―Bomo Greenbark warns Crys Taanzer as he gets ready to ambush a group of thugs 
Booster Terrik
"That's treason. I like it."
―Booster Terrik, on the formation of the Insiders 
Borsk: "You have misunderstood..."
Booster: "Oh, I understood you. You didn't understand me. When I smack someone into a bulkhead and toss him on the deck, that's me saying he should get his carcass off my ship. The other things, the head butt and the stomach punch, that was just because I don't like you."
―Booster Terrik, to Borsk Fey'lya, after manhandling him 
Booster: "Where's my grandson?"
Karrde: "We think he's on the transport that big Yuuzhan Vong ship's about to swallow."
Booster: "That's all I wanted to know. See you on the other side, Karrde."
Karrde: "The other side of what?"
Booster: "The nebula I'm about to make."
―Booster Terrik and Talon Karrde 
Booster: "But you didn't bring my grandchildren."
Corran: "They're scattered to the four corners of the galaxy on Jedi business. Not my fault."
Booster: "Humpf." [to Mirax] "Your husband still can't do simple math. You can't scatter two children to four corners."
Mirax: "Jedi think that everybody can be divided into fractions."
―Booster Terrik, Corran Horn, and Mirax Terrik Horn 
Cracken: "It also has codes that will allow you to access five million credits – each. Based on the authorization in the card, you can go anywhere and do anything you need to do. If you think of something, no matter how wild, and you need to take steps to stop Isard, this will allow you to take them."
Booster: "Good, we can use it to buy more guns for my ship."
Cracken: "That's why you don't have one of the cards, Booster."
Booster: "The New Republic has no sense of gratitude at all."
―Airen Cracken and Booster Terrik 
Karrde: "I'm a smuggler, not a pirate."
Booster: "Thin line between them. Pirate steals from his suppliers, smuggler just cheats them."
―Talon Karrde and Booster Terrik 
Corran: "Booster, I suppose I don't mind that Karrde knows we're here, but—"
Booster: "Relax, Corran. Karrde's top people are just as trustworthy as he is."
Corran: "That makes me feel so much better."
―Corran Horn and Booster Terrik 
Borsk Fey'lya
Borsk: "You have misunderstood..."
Booster: "Oh, I understood you. You didn't understand me. When I smack someone into a bulkhead and toss him on the deck, that's me saying he should get his carcass off my ship. The other things, the head butt and the stomach punch, that was just because I don't like you."
―Booster Terrik, to Borsk Fey'lya, after manhandling him 
Yarmond: "We have taken in some of the population of Artorias. A tiny, backwards planet that is in the middle of some civil unrest. No doubt, a squabble over livestock or some such."
Fey'lya: "Yes, it seems whenever there is a war on one of these fringe planets, a farm animal is somehow involved."
―Yarmond and Borsk Fey'lya discuss the situation on Shramar 
Borsk: "Whatever you're being paid to kill me, I'll double it."
Finn: "You'll pay me twice as much to kill you?"
―Borsk Fey'lya and Finn Galfridian during their confrontation on Coruscant 
BoShek
"I used to be a smuggler. Made my living running around the galaxy carrying other people's problems. Thing is, you do that long enough and those problems start to become your own."
―BoShek 
Bossk
Bossk quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Bossk
Bothel
«Mud is great!
Mud is good!
We'd eat mud,
If we could!»
―Bothel and Trud 
Bowdaar
Bowdaar: «He smells like bad luck.»
Captain: "If you smell anything else, let me know."
Bowdaar: «Everything here smells like bad luck – and bantha sausage.»
―Bowdaar and his smuggler captain 
Bowdaar: «On Kashyyyk, we spoke of 'life-debts.' A Wookiee whose life was saved, owed his service for life.»
Captain: "That sounds like slavery. Or, worse, marriage. No thanks."
―Bowdaar and the Smuggler Captain 
Brandei
Thrawn: "This is war, Captain Brandei. Not an opportunity for personal revenge."
Brandei: "I understand my duty, Admiral."
Thrawn: "Do you, Captain? Do you indeed?"
Brandei: "Yes, sir. My duty is to the Empire, and to you, and to the ships and crews under my command."
Thrawn: "Very good. To the living, in other words. Not to the dead."
Brandei: "Yes, sir."
Thrawn: "Never forget that, Captain. The fortunes of war rise and fall, and you may be assured that the Rebellion will be repaid in full for their destruction of the Peremptory at the Katana fleet skirmish. But that repayment will occur in the context of our overall strategy. Not as an act of private vengeance."
―Grand Admiral Thrawn and Captain Brandei 
"@%#$!"
―Brandei, after being informed of Talon Karrde's reinforcements at the Battle for the Katana fleet 
Brenn Tantor
Brenn Tantor: "I'm going to steal an AT-AT."
Beri Tulon: "What? Are you out of your mind?"
Brenn Tantor: "Quite possibly. You gonna help me?"
Beri Tulon: "Sure. I've got nothing better to do."
―Brenn Tantor and Beri Tulon 
Bria Tharen
Bria: "You're conceited, that's what you are. Conceited, cocky, arrogant...insufferable..."
Han: "Oh, go on, please! I love it when women compliment me. Music to my ears."
―Bria Tharen and Han Solo 
Bria: "Oh, dear."
Han Solo: "‘Oh dear’ what?"
Bria: "The galaxy is no longer safe for humanoid females. You've learned what you can do with that lopsided smile, haven't you?"
―Bria Tharen and Han Solo's on-again/off-again relationship becomes on again 
Bria: "I can hardly believe it…where did the time go?"
Lando: "Where time always goes. There's a giant black hole in the center of the galaxy, and it just sucks it right up."
―Bria Tharen and Lando Calrissian 
Brianna
Atton: "Let me shoot him in the back. No one has to know."
Brianna: "Atton, restrain yourself. Besides, a blaster would be unnecessary when a nerve strike to his neck would incapacitate him painfully without inflicting any lasting harm."
Atton: "Point taken."
―Atton Rand and Brianna, encountering Ratrin Vhek on Nar Shaddaa 
Brrik
Brrik: "Maybe little astromech donating spare parts?"
T7-O1: [extends a shock arm] «T7 = no spare parts // Jawa tries anything funny = Jawa gets shocked»
―Brrik the Jawa gets rebuked by T7-O1 
Bryn
"Grathan's trouble, see. Big trouble. Mad scientist type. Likes weapons. Cyborgs. Droids. Ergonomic chairs."
―Captain Bryn, on Grathan 
Bulgan
Barriss: "Please trust me, Bulgan. There are vastly more important things at stake here than my life, or the size of your future credit account. Are you familiar with the secessionist movement?"
Bulgan: "Only movement Bulgan know is in bowels."
―Barriss Offee appeals to her captor, Bulgan, on Ansion 
Bushman Krentz
"Nobody calls Bushman Krentz a drunken womp rat! Now... where'd I leave muh ship?"
―A not-so-sober Bushman Krentz 
C-3PO
C-3PO quotes, now in excess of 90, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/C-3PO
C8-42
Elise: "Don't worry. I'm going to hug you and oil you and care for you and make sure you never get away, ever again."
C8-42: "Please kill me...."
―Elise Montagne and C8-42-GE3 
C8-42: "I'm afraid my owner became a bit too attached to me. Obsessed even. She... she tried to treat me as her dead husband. It was not healthy for her."
Revan: "Er... all the time?"
C8-42: "You don't want to know."
Revan: "Um... probably not..."
―Revan, confronting C8-42 
Cabbel
Cabbel: "Sir, Rebel ships are coming into our sector."
Lennox: "Good. Our first catch of the day."
―Lieutenant Cabbel and Captain Lennox, during the Battle of Hoth 
Cabrool Nuum
"Don't try to leave the house, Jabba; the guards will turn you into a rug. A hideous, flabby rug."
―Cabrool Nuum threatens Jabba the Hutt 
Cad Bane
Ahsoka: "You thought you could get away?"
Bane: "You're not much of a challenge, youngling. I got you right where I want ya."
―Ahsoka Tano, falling into Cad Bane's trap 
Cade Skywalker
Cade Skywalker quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Cade Skywalker
Cal Omas
Luke: "That wasn't precisely Kyp who did that. He was possessed by the spirit of a long-dead Sith Lord named Exar Kun."
Cal Omas: "That's exactly the sort of thing I hope never to have to explain to a Senatorial committee."
―Luke Skywalker and Cal Omas, discussing potential appointees to the Galactic Alliance High Council 
"Would you water the plants while I'm away, please? I'm afraid I'm under arrest."
―Cal Omas, to his security guard 
"You obnoxious, power-crazed, ludicrous little jerk."
―Cal Omas, upon being arrested by Jacen Solo 
"We failed to rap their heads—the arrival of the Corellian fleet prevented that—but we did take their giant blaster away."
―Cal Omas, on Centerpoint Station 
Caled Galfridian
Caled: "I'm just grateful I was able to see you. I was able to see the good man you're becoming. I was able to see a glimpse of what you'll be... and I was able to see that girl you're hanging around with."
Finn: "She's Han Solo's daughter."
Caled: "Hmm. Fighting Yuuzhan Vong is safer than that."
―Caled and Finn Galfridian, regarding Jaina Solo 
Caled: "Get down from there!"
Finn: "You know, if you're worried I am about to fall, maybe shouting isn't the best way to get my attention."
―Caled Galfridian stops Finn Galfridian from doing a handstand on the edge of a balcony 
Callista Ming
Callista: "And we allow a Master to have as many Padawans as he or she feels is appropriate. Not just one."
Rex: "Sounds expensive. But tax deductible."
―Callista Masana and Captain Rex, discussing the philosophies of the Altisian Jedi 
"People have tried to use him from the moment he put out his hand and summoned his lightsaber to come to him. Vader wanted to turn him. Palpatine wanted his services. Palpatine's clone managed to enslave him for a time. But Luke is strong, stronger than he knows. And Luke has a single purpose. I suppose you could say that he has a pure heart. Luke doesn't hunger after power. In some ways I don't think he understands those who do."
―Callista Ming, to Leia, about Leia's brother 
Calo Nord
Luugro: «You seem to be taking great interest in our progress. Do you need something, little man?»
Unidentified Rodian: «Quiet, Luugro! That's Calo Nord, the infamous bounty hunter!»
Calo Nord: "There's a bounty on your little green heads. I'm here to collect."
Luugro: «The only way you'll collect that bounty is over our cold, dead bodies!»
Calo Nord: "That's the plan."
―Calo Nord about to kill Luugro and another Rodian 
Nord: "Go away."
Revan: "I saw how you mopped up those Black Vulkars. Nice work."
Nord: "One."
Revan: "I'm not looking for a fight. I just want to talk."
Nord: "Two."
Revan: "Okay, I see your point. I'll be off, then."
Nord: "Smart."
―Calo Nord and Revan 
Canderous Ordo
Canderous Ordo quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Canderous Ordo
Captain Goodvalor
"Attention Mandalorians! Goodvalor, again. While you're waiting for the end to come — and brother, is it on its way! — I thought we'd have a talk about you. You know, the Mando'ade — the 'sons and daughters of Mandalore.' That sounds nice, but I hate to break it to most of you: You're adopted."
―"Captain Goodvalor", broadcasting pro-Republic propaganda on Mandalorian channels 
Carlist Rieekan
Rieekan: "You, Princess Leia, Chewbacca and your droids will serve as the assault squad. That is, if you 'volunteer'."
Luke: "I guess we do."
C-3PO: "We do?! Oh why did I ever leave the diplomatic service? All this adventure!"
―Carlist Rieekan, Luke Skywalker and C-3PO, before a dangerous mission 
Carth Onasi
Carth: "I'm not a warrior. I'm a soldier. There's a difference. Warriors attack and conquer. They – they prey on the weak. Soldiers defend and protect the innocent – mostly from warriors."
Canderous: "Nice speech. I bet you tell yourself that every night so you can sleep. But I am accept who and what I am. I don't have to justify it with words. Victory in battle is my justification."
―Canderous Ordo and Carth Onasi 
"They say the Force can do terrible things to a mind. It can wipe away your memories and destroy your very identity."
―Carth Onasi's discussion with Revan about the Jedi 
"Oh, what a sweet guy. He should get the Sith congeniality medal."
―Carth Onasi, on Mekel starving Sith hopefuls 
Canderous: "Victory in battle is my justification."
Carth: "Justification through victory? So what happens when you lose? You know, like you did against us."
Canderous: "You had us outnumbered five to one. You had more ships, more troops, more supplies, and the Jedi on your side. And we still made the Republic tremble before we fell."
Carth: "Nice speech. I bet you tell yourself that every night so you can sleep."
―Canderous Ordo, telling the events of the Mandalorian Wars to Carth Onasi 
Canderous: "Carth, you fought in the Mandalorian Wars, didn't you? We may have faced each other in combat. What battles were you in?"
Carth: "I try not to think about my past battles too much. The horrors of war are something I'd rather not relive."
Canderous: "The horrors of war? My people know only the glory of victory. I'm disappointed in you, Carth. I thought a warrior like you could understand."
Revan: "Yeah, Carth. When did you get all peace-loving on me?"
―Canderous Ordo, Carth Onasi and Revan, discussing the Mandalorian Wars 
Bastila: "My lightsaber was… misplaced. I couldn't find it after the crash. I looked everywhere in that pod. The Vulkars came and overwhelmed me even as I was searching for my weapon."
Carth: "Wait a minute, let me get this straight. You lost your lightsaber? Ha-ha! I mean, isn't that a violation of some kind of Jedi code or something?"
Revan: "Maybe losing lightsabers is a side-effect of her Battle Meditation."
―Bastila Shan, Carth Onasi and Revan 
Carth: "So, Jolee, you decided to leave your little hermitage in the forest and come help us stop the Sith. I guess you realized this was worth coming out of retirement for, huh?"
Jolee: "Yeah, that's right, sonny. The Sith are the greatest evil to hit the galaxy since, well, the Mandalorians. And they're the worst thing since Exar Kun. Blah, blah, blah, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera."
―Carth Onasi and Jolee Bindo 
Carth: "So, Jolee, you decided to leave your little hermitage in the forest and come help us stop the Sith. I guess you realized this war was worth coming out of retirement for, huh?"
Jolee: "Yeah, that's right, sonny. The Sith are the greatest evil to hit the galaxy since, well, the Mandalorians. And they're the worst thing since Exar Kun. Blah, blah, blah, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera."
Carth: "Okay, old man, you lost me there. Are you trying to make a point?"
Jolee: "Look, everybody always figures the time they live in is the most epic, most important age to end all ages. But tyrants and heroes rise and fall, and historians sort out the pieces."
Revan: "Are you saying what we're doing isn't important?"
Jolee: "Malak is a tyrant who should be stopped. If he conquers the galaxy we're in for a couple of rough centuries. Eventually it'll come around again, but I'd rather not wait that long. So we do what we have to do, and we try to stop the Sith. But don't start thinking this war—your war—is more important than any other war just because you're in it."
―Carth Onasi, Jolee Bindo, and Revan discuss the war 
"You'd think people would be a little more tolerant of others in this day and age." *sigh* "I guess stupidity and ignorance will never go out of style."
―Carth Onasi 
Caul Gentis
Tohm: "You and Shens go ahead. I'll only get in your way."
Gentis: "I doubt it. They'll be so busy looking at your uniform, they won't even notice your face."
Shens: "Or you'll get sympathy affection. Either way, you win."
―Laurita Tohm, Caul Gentis, and Shens, out on the prowl 
Cazne'olan
Wedge: "So, what does my name mean, the way you pronounce it?"
Cazne'olan: "There is no good, direct translation of foreign names, but Wedgean'tilles comes close to 'slayer of stars.'"
Wedge: "I like it."
Cazne'olan: "It is much to be preferred to the alternative suggested by the Basic pronunciation."
Wedge: "Which is?"
Cazne'olan: "Difficult to translate."
Wedge: "Give me a rough go at it."
Cazne'olan: "Being generous, it is 'One so foul he could induce vomiting in a rancor.'"
―Wedge Antilles and Cazne'olan discuss Twi'leki naming conventions 
CB-08-4
"Do you have any of the following symptoms: dizziness, fever, shortness of breath or an inexhaustible hunger for sentient flesh?"
―Medical droid CB-08-4, questioning patients to determine the presence of the Rakghoul plague 
CC-1119 (a.k.a. Appo)
Bail: "What's going on here?"
CC-1119: "There's been a rebellion, sir. Don't worry. The situation is under control." [raises rifle] "I'm sorry, sir. It's time for you to leave."
Bail: "And so it is."
―Clone commander CC-1119 bars Senator Bail Organa from entering the Jedi Temple during Operation: Knightfall 
CC-2224 (a.k.a. Commander Cody)
Cody: "The siege goes well. With our continued barrage, their shield should be down in three months."
Obi-Wan: "But we've been here a month already...."
Cody: "Yes, sir. We're right on schedule!"
―Commander Cody and General Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Cody: "Looks like General Skywalker's already engaged the enemy."
Obi-Wan: "That's nothing out of the ordinary, especially since I gave him a direct order not to!"
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Commander Cody 
Cel
Cel: "What do you suppose Thrawn would make of the Yuuzhan Vong, sir?"
Wedge: "Ground Vong, probably—if he had a few examples of their art."
―Lieutenant Cel and General Wedge Antilles 
Celeste Morne
Celeste: "Shut up! How could you two have killed anyone? They would have heard you coming on Suurja!"
Zayne: "Well, that's what we've been trying to tell everyone. We were framed."
Gryph: "And... um... Suurjans don't have ears."
―Celeste Morne, complaining about Zayne Carrick and Gryph's nonstop bickering 
Celeste: "I'm just going to ask this once! Was anybody bitten?"
Zayne: "No, we're just friends."
―Celeste Morne, to Zayne Carrick and Marn Hierogryph during a rakghoul attack 
Celeste: "I have never met anyone like you, Cade Skywalker. You walk so close to the dark side and yet... You do not desire, even in some small way, the temptation of the power that the Muur Talisman can give you. You know exactly what must be done. Without anger. Without fear."
Cade: "Yeah, I know the song. We take what we are given. We must do what we must."
―Cade Skywalker kills Celeste Morne after the Battle on Had Abbadon 
Celeste: "I confess I'm surprised you haven't fallen prey to Muur. You're his type."
Cade: "Oh I feel him. But he makes me laugh."
―Cade Skywalker confronts Celeste Morne upon the Iron Sun 
Celeste: "You surprise me, Skywalker. You made Muur angry."
Cade: "I have that effect on a lot of people."
―Cade Skywalker confronts Celeste Morne upon the Iron Sun 
Celeste: "Zayne, maybe–maybe if there is some Jedi covenant, they think they're doing the right thing for everyone."
Zayne: "Maybe they should worry about running their own lives. Mine is plenty enough trouble for me."
―Celeste Morne and Zayne Carrick, discussing the Jedi Covenant 
Cha Niathal
"Great gods of the waters, is Solo insane?"
―Admiral Niathal finally realizes the extent of Jacen Solo's madness 
"This has been done with honor, without error, and by my choosing. Niathal out."
―Admiral Cha Niathal's suicide note 
Chak Fel
Chak Fel: "Would it help to tell you we come in peace, and in the hope of helping you and your people?"
Pressor: "Not really, no."
―Chak Fel is detained by Guardian Pressor 
Chal Tozr
Chal Tozr: "Sorry about that. My partner thinks everyone is a suspect."
Gwad Raatu: "Everyone is a suspect. Where were you early last night?"
―Policemen Chal Tozr and Gwad Raatu, interrogating Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker 
Tozr: "I take it this Lumiya is our prime suspect? Who is she?"
Mara: "One of Luke's old girlfriends."
Raatu: "Ah—that explains it. And Master Lobi is the new girlfriend?"
Luke: "Not at all! Mara is—er, Mara is my wife. I don't have a girlfriend."
Raatu: "What do I know about you Jedi? With most humans, it's usually sex or love."
Tozr: "Eighty-seven percent of the time. Spice is a distant second."
―Detectives Chal Tozr and Gwad Raatu question Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker, on the death of Tresina Lobi 
Chelah
Dr. Chelah: "There is nothing more I can do. The disease has spread to your heart."
Drayen: "I wasn't using it anyway."
―Doctor Chelah and Nok Drayen 
Cheriss ke Hanadi
Wedge: "Here's the truth: I kill the enemy so someone, somewhere—probably someone I've never met and never will meet—will be happy."
Cheriss: "That doesn't make sense."
Wedge: "Yes, it does. I told you how I lost my parents. Nothing I ever do can make up for that loss. But if I put myself in the way of people just as bad as the ones who killed my family, if I burn them down, then someone else they would have hurt gets to stay happy. That's the only honorable thing about my profession. It's not the killing. It's making the galaxy a little better."
―Wedge Antilles and Cheriss ke Hanadi 
Chewbacca
"HNN-ROWR YRROONN NNG RARRR!"
―Chewbacca, as Artoo kills twenty billion people (translates to "Long live the New Republic!") 
Han: "Y'Know, an old gambler I knew had a saying — if you think the other guy might have a blaster hidden under the table... bring two blasters."
Chewie: "Wrrarrrr."
Han: "Or rip his arms off before he has a chance to sit down. Yeah, good point, Chewie."
―Han Solo and Chewbacca, on dealing with traps 
Han: "Y'know, an old gambler I knew had a saying—if you think the other guy might have a blaster hidden under the table—bring two blasters."
Chewie: "WRRARRRR."
Han: "Or rip his arms off before he has a chance to sit down. Yeah, good point, Chewie."
―Han Solo and Chewbacca 
Han: "Listen, fur face…if you’d let me cut off some of that rug you’re wearing, we could make ourselves a rope…and get out of here a lot quicker!"
Chewbacca: "NHARRUMM!"
―Han Solo and Chewbacca, escaping from a prison cell in the Emperor's Citadel on Byss 
Chihdo
Dani: "Ooh! Look! Rik wins again! It's just like they say on Zeltros... lucky in cards, lucky in love!"
Chihdo: "Dani, the expression is lucky at cards, unlucky at love."
Dani: "Everyone on Zeltros is always lucky at love!"
―Dani and Chihdo, observing a game between Rik Duel and Crin 
Cilghal
Cilghal: "You have failed to identify yourself."
Harfard: "Captain Oric Harfard, Galactic Alliance Security. Now get out of my way, fish-head."
Cilghal: "Two things. First, my name is not Fish-Head. It is Master Cilghal. Second, I am not in your way. That is a logistical impossibility. I am less than a meter wide. The entryway where we stand and the doorway behind me are several meters wide. I now leave it as an exercise of your alleged intelligence to find a way into the Temple. If you do a very good job, perhaps we will name the test after you."
―Jedi Master Cilghal and Galactic Alliance Security Captain Oric Harfard 
Cilghal: "Young Ben informs us that the dark side of the Force is powerfully represented in the Maw cluster, and the Sith are at large again in the galaxy."
Jaina: "What?"
Cilghal: "Sith. Your uncle and cousin fought them. But these do not follow the Sith Rule of Two. They apparently follow a Sith rule of However Many They Need."
―Cilghal and Jaina Solo, after a receiving a message from Ben Skywalker reporting on the discovery of a new Sith Order 
Cilghal: "Sometimes to heal, you must first hurt."
Jaina: "In just a few words, you've summed up my love life."
―Cilghal and Jaina Solo 
Cilghal: "Jedi Skywalker has informed us—and I point out that, because it comes from young Ben, it is in no violation of the Grand Master's terms of exile—"
Jaina: "You're splitting hairs."
Cilghal: "I have no hairs to split."
―Cilghal and Jaina Solo 
Cindel Towani
Cindel: "Furry." [strokes Wicket's fur] "Furry. Yeah."
Wicket: "Furries?"
Cindel: "I wish we had furry creatures like you where I came from."
Wicket: "Oh." [pause] "Furries?"
―Cindel Towani and Wicket, trying to communicate 
Clee Rhara
Clee: "In the Senate? A Senator is doing this?"
Qui-Gon: "Why not? They are rarely no better and sometimes worse than most beings."
―Clee Rhara and Qui-Gon Jinn 
Climber
Roan Shryne: "The voice is familiar…"
Climber: "The face even more so."
―Roan Shryne and Climber exchange an old joke regarding clone troopers upon meeting on Murkhana 
Climber: "The order made no sense at the time. We thought it might be a Separatist trick."
Vader: "What you 'thought' has no bearing on this. You are expected to follow orders."
Climber: "And we follow any reasonable ones. Killing our own didn't qualify."
Vader: "They weren't your allies, squad leader. They were traitors, and you sided with them."
Climber: "Traitors how? Because a few of them tried to arrest Palpatine? I still don't see how that warrants a death penalty for the lot of them."
Vader: "I'll be sure to notify the Emperor of your concerns."
Climber: "You do that."
Vader: "Unfortunately, you won't be alive to learn of his response."
―Clone commando Climber, defending his squad's refusal to obey Order 66 to Darth Vader 
Clone trooper(s)
"It's Jango, and he brought his head with him!"
―Clone trooper, seeing Jango Fett 
"What I remember about the rise of the Empire is… is how quiet it was. During the waning hours of the Clone Wars, the 501st Legion was discreetly transferred back to Coruscant. It was a silent trip; we all knew what was about to happen, what we were about to do. Did we have any doubts? Any private traitorous thoughts? Perhaps, but no one said a word. Not on the flight back to Coruscant, not when Order 66 came down, and not when we marched into the Jedi Temple. Not a word."
―Anonymous 501st clone trooper 
"The success of the mission on Mygeeto was something of a revelation for the men of the 501st. Suddenly, we realized that the Jedi could be fooled. And if they could be fooled, they could be killed."
―Anonymous 501st clone trooper 
Vill: "The miners have surrendered, my Lord. The last survivors are being rounded up. I have our casualty reports—fourteen dead, twenty-three wound—"
Vader: "Commander Vill, I have a question. I require a truthful answer."
Vill: "Uh, of course, sir."
Vader: "The Emperor foresaw that the Jedi would attempt to thwart his move to consolidate the Republic into an Empire. He prepared you—prepared all of the clones—by indoctrinating you with instructions for Order 66…"
Vill: "Yes, sir?"
Vader: "Have you been indoctrinated with a similar order to attack me if the Emperor so commands?"
Vill: "Uh, sir…even if there were such an order, I do not have the authority to divulge…GAK!" [Vader chokes him and throws him off a cliff]
Clone trooper: "Sir! What happened to Commander Vill?"
Vader: "He stumbled…and fell."
―Darth Vader disposes of Commander Vill after the Battle of Bandomeer 
Anakin: "Nervous?"
Clone sergeant: "Nossir."
Anakin: "Well, I am, and I hereby authorize you to be nervous, too."
―Jedi Commander Anakin Skywalker and a clone sergeant 
Clone: "Can you really do it? Can you shoot yourself?"
Jango: "Could you do it?"
Clone: "…no."
Jango: "That's because you're not me."
―A clone and Jango Fett, as the latter kills the former 
"The first day of combat for the 501st was nothing like I thought it would be. We've been training for years, bred for the sole purpose of fighting and winning this war. But nothing can prepare you for the reality of combat. The destruction. The chaos. They say the 501st got the best of this war. We also got the worst. And it's only just begun."
―The retired clone trooper — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Trooper: "Oh, one of the deluxe models, here to save us with your superior training."
Boss: "This deluxe model is the only thing standing between you and a bloody death, so you'd best be showing some respect, trooper."
―RC-1138 ("Boss"), responding to clone trooper on the Prosecutor 
"Good thing those bugs can't aim."
―Unknown clone trooper, just before getting shot down by Geonosians in the Second Battle of Geonosis 
Cohden K'Reye
"But since you brought up the subject of exotic locations, I think visiting a sonic shower should be tops on your travel itinerary, pal."
―Cohden K'Reye, to a Barabel stranger 
Col Serra
Tionne: "I must say, Commander, you are a most difficult man to track down."
Col Serra: "I find I generally live longer that way."
―Tionne Solusar and Commander Col Serra, upon meeting for the first time 
"It was a crazy, foolhardy mission. Every member of Renegade Squadron volunteered without hesitation."
―Col Serra, regarding the Battle of Korriban 
"Solo might not shoot first when it comes to bounty hunters… me and the rest of the squadron, though, we had our own views on that."
―Col Serra of Renegade Squadron, about encountering IG-88 
Conan Antonio Motti
"Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader."
―Conan Antonio Motti, before being Force choked by Darth Vader 
"This station is now the ultimate power in the universe. I suggest we use it."
―Conan Antonio Motti, on the Death Star 
Corgan
Corgan: "So how do we play it now, General?"
A'baht: "We must neutralize this force without compromising our unit integrity or mobility. Pass the word as follows: Hold back the bombers. Keep the patrol screens close, and launch the A-wing interceptors only in response to direct threat from other little birds. Our operational unit for this engagement is to be the fleet squadron, and squadron commanders now have operational autonomy. All units, pursue, engage, and destroy all targets of opportunity. Since they insist on a fight, we'll give 'em one."
Corgan: "What about the hostages, sir?"
A'baht: "Pray for them, Colonel. That's all we can do."
―General A'baht leads the Fifth Fleet into the Battle of N'zoth 
Coric
Rex: "Permission to engage in witty banter—in your own time, go on."
Coric: "Witty banter commencing, sir... stand by."
―CT-7567 ("Rex") and Coric 
Cormen A'Lanti
"Do you seriously believe that half a galaxy would side with Nute Gunray because all those planets, all their inhabitants, are evil? What does evil mean anyway? How can that many beings just be... evil? For every scheming Trade Federation politico out to crush the Republic, there are trillions of beings who have real reasons to hate the Coruscant regime. All they were waiting for was a leader to give them an excuse to do something about it."
―Political analyst Cormen A'Lanti 
Cornelius Evazan
Evazan: "He doesn't like you."
Luke: "Sorry."
Evazan: "I don't like you either."
―Dr. Evazan and Luke Skywalker 
Evazan: "You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence on twelve systems."
Luke: "I'll be careful."
Evazan: "You'll be dead!"
―Dr. Cornelius Evazan, picking a fight with Luke Skywalker in the Mos Eisley Cantina 
Corran Horn
Corran Horn quotes, now in excess of 30, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Corran Horn
Corso Riggs
"If I trust the wrong guy, maybe I get hurt. But if I'm too scared to help someone who really needs it, who knows how many people will suffer?"
―Corso Riggs 
"Nothing worse than coming to the realization that your parents were right."
―Corso Riggs 
Corso: "My first and last goal of every day will be to bring a smile to your face. Like that one."
Captain: "I swear to drive you crazy with jealousy, risk your life regularly, make fun of you in public and ensure you never have a boring day again."
Corso: "Well, there's an honest vow."
―Corso Riggs and a female smuggler captain exchanging vows 
Captain: "Why does everyone always believe the worst of me?"
Corso: "I've been trying to figure that out. I think it's got something to do with the hair."
―The Smuggler Captain and Corso Riggs 
Cosinga Palpatine
Cosinga: "Murder has always been in your thoughts, hasn't it? You've merely been waiting for someone to grant you permission to act."
Palpatine: "I don't need anyone's permission."
Cosinga: "Precisely. You're an animal at heart."
Palpatine: "King of the beasts, Father."
―Cosinga Palpatine and his son, shortly before the latter kills his father 
Cradossk
Cradossk: "The old ways are the best ways. Especially when it comes to killing other creatures."
Zuckuss: "You'd know."
Cradossk: "Did you say something?"
Zuckuss: "It was a bubble. In my gear."
―Cradossk and Zuckuss, concerning the status of the Bounty Hunters' Guild 
Cradossk: "Okay, so here we are at Fondor. You have any questions?"
Bossk: "Yeah. Why are you so ugly?"
―Cradossk tries to teach his son the fine art of bounty hunting 
"Ah, my son and heir! I was hoping you'd be here for the festivities. We'll tell the musicians to strike up the old songs, the ones our spawn-fathers knew, and we'll do the lizard dance all around the courtyard—"
―A drunken Cradossk greets Bossk, who knocks Cradossk's wine goblet from his claws 
Cradossk: "So, we meet again, Jango Fett. That trigger-happy idiot you just shot is my son, Bossk."
Jango: "He's only stunned."
Cradossk: "You could have shot me, too. Why didn't you?"
Jango: "Because you're not a trigger-happy idiot, Cradossk. You're just a professional with a bad gene pool."
―Cradossk and Jango Fett, meeting at Fondor 
Tambor: "And how is life for the head of the Bounty Hunters Guild?"
Cradossk: "As long as there's blood, anger, and money, life is grand."
―Wat Tambor and Cradossk 
Crix Madine
"In half an hour I can put together a strike team of twenty soldiers, capable of succeeding at any mission, under any circumstances, anywhere in the galaxy."
―General Crix Madine 
Durga: "Any last words?"
Madine: "Not to you."
―Durga Besadii Tai and Crix Madine, shortly before the latter's execution 
Cryle Cavv
Drommel: "You will answer my next question or I will have my men bring in laser cutters and remove a limb of their choosing. Do I make myself clear?"
Cavv: "Sure."
Drommel: "Very good. What are you doing here?"
Cavv: [silence]
Drommel: "Did you not hear me?"
Cavv: "I heard you. You told me to answer your next question and I believe it was 'do I make myself clear?' to which I responded in the affirmative."
Drommel: "That wasn't a question."
Cavv: "Well, I'm not quite sure about the actual punctuation that appeared in your mind, but the inquisitory inflection was definitely there. So I did, in fact, answer your next question. You should be more careful with your semantic accuracy."
―Imperial Admiral Drommel attempts to interrogate Cryle Cavv 
Sconn: "One man can't make a difference."
Cavv: "Maybe not, but without that first man to stand up, you would never have a second, or a third, or a fourth."
―Cavv and Sconn 
Sconn: "What you're proposing is suicide."
Cavv: "You said you'd help."
Sconn: "That's because when you asked me to assist you in 'acquiring' a ship for the Republic, you neglected to mention it was going to be an Imperial Star Destroyer."
Cavv: [looks at floor]
Sconn: "Either the ghost of the Emperor just materialized under our table, or there's another point of interest you haven't told me about."
Cavv: "Well, technically this ship isn't a Star Destroyer."
Sconn: "Thank the Force for small favors."
Cavv: "It's really more of a Super Star Destroyer."
―Cavv and Sconn 
Cavv: "It's a very strange business we're in, nephew. You steal a wallet and you get tossed in jail. You steal a man's wife and you get a bloody nose. But you steal something large enough, you get famous. A Super Star Destroyer! This will make us the greatest thieves who ever lived."
Sconn: "Or we'll die trying."
Cavv: "You know, you've been nothing but negative since we started this trip."
―Cavv and Sconn 
CT-27-5555 (a.k.a. Fives)
Fives: "Hardcase! What are you doing?"
Hardcase: "If I knew, I wouldn't be doin' it!"
―Clone troopers Fives and Hardcase, attempting and failing to control an Umbaran starfighter 
Fives: "We did it. We took Umbara."
Rex: "What's the point of all this? I mean... Why?"
Fives: "I don't know, sir. I don't think anybody knows. But I do know that someday this war is gonna end."
Rex: "Then what? We're soldiers. What happens to us then?"
―Fives and Rex, following the costly victory on Umbara 
CT-5597 (a.k.a. Jesse)
Rex: "If it were up to me, and we had the time and the training, I would say do it, but it's out of my hands. And the truth is, you are no pilots."
Jesse: "Come on. If Hardcase can fly one of these things, we all can!"
Tup: "Yeah, he wasn't really flying. More like avoiding crashing."
―Captain Rex, Jesse, and Tup, planning a secret air assault during the Battle of Umbara 
CT-914
"How long were you unconscious?"
"Thirteen seconds."
"And how do you know this?"
"There's a chrono on the wall behind you."
―Barriss Offee and CT-914 
CT-7567 (a.k.a. Rex)
Obi-Wan: "Senator Amidala suggested we offer you training to help hone your skills with a blaster."
Jar Jar: "Really?"
Obi-Wan: "Really."
Jar Jar: "Oh, boy! I'ma gonna be trained!"
Rex: "I am not training him."
―CT-7567 ("Rex") reacts to Jar Jar Binks being offered blaster training Listen (help·info) 
Obi-Wan: "Okay, fall back. At least it makes us look convincing, like we're retreating because we're in trouble."
Rex: "Sir, we look convincing because we are in trouble."
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and CT-7567, during the Battle of Christophsis 
Callista: "And we allow a Master to have as many Padawans as he or she feels is appropriate. Not just one."
Rex: "Sounds expensive. But tax deductible."
―Callista Masana and Captain Rex, discussing the philosophies of the Altisian Jedi 
Rex: "Permission to engage in witty banter—in your own time, go on."
Coric: "Witty banter commencing, sir... stand by."
―CT-7567 ("Rex") and Coric 
Mace: "What is Skywalker doing?"
Obi-Wan: "It appears to be one of Anakin's improvised plans."
Mace: "How can it be a plan if it's improvised?"
Obi-Wan: "Not to worry. Just catch them when they fall."
Rex: "Uh, a lot of the General's plans involve falling."
―Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi and CT-7567 ("Rex"), watching Anakin Skywalker escape the Zillo Beast 
Pellaeon: "Rex, you're enjoying this…"
Rex: "Me, Sir? Never sir."
Pellaeon: "We're both captains, Rex… it's Gil. Drop the sir."
Rex: "Navy captain outranks army captain, sir. Strictly speaking."
Pellaeon: "Shut up, for goodness' sake, man, and come have a drink."
―Clone Captain CT-7567 and Captain Gilad Pellaeon discussing their ranks 
Rex: "Are you scared?"
Ahsoka: "No!"
Rex: "Well, you should be. Because if you're not scared in a war, then you haven't grasped the severity of your situation."
―CT-7567 (a.k.a. Captain Rex) and Ahsoka Tano, on Christophsis 
Rex: "If it were up to me, and we had the time and the training, I would say do it, but it's out of my hands. And the truth is, you are no pilots."
Jesse: "Come on. If Hardcase can fly one of these things, we all can!"
Tup: "Yeah, he wasn't really flying. More like avoiding crashing."
―Captain Rex, Jesse, and Tup, planning a secret air assault during the Battle of Umbara 
Fives: "We did it. We took Umbara."
Rex: "What's the point of all this? I mean... Why?"
Fives: "I don't know, sir. I don't think anybody knows. But I do know that someday this war is gonna end."
Rex: "Then what? We're soldiers. What happens to us then?"
―Fives and Rex, following the costly victory on Umbara 
Culoph
"The best blades are kept in their sheaths."
―Culoph 
Czulkang Lah
Kasdakh Bhul: "There is confusion. Five dovin basal mines have just chased five Millennium Falcons into our immediate space. Their attempts to seize the infidel ships are interfering with the worldship's dovin basals."
Czulkang Lah: "Five Millennium Falcons."
Kasdakh Bhul: "Yes."
Czulkang Lah: "And even one is enough to cause us grief."
―Kasdakh Bhul and Czulkang Lah 
Dak Ralter
"Right now I feel like I could take on the whole Empire myself."
―Dak Ralter 
Dani
Dani: "Ooh! Look! Rik wins again! It's just like they say on Zeltros... lucky in cards, lucky in love!"
Chihdo: "Dani, the expression is lucky at cards, unlucky at love."
Dani: "Everyone on Zeltros is always lucky at love!"
―Dani and Chihdo, observing a game between Rik Duel and Crin 
Dannik Jerriko
Wuher: "You want what?"
Jerriko: "Water."
Wuher: "You know where you are?"
Jerriko: "Oh, indeed."
Wuher: "I got a computer back there that mixes sixteen hundred varieties of spirits."
Jerriko: "Oh, indeed, so I would imagine. But I want the one it can't mix."
―Anzat vampire Dannik Jerriko, confusing Wuher, the bartender at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina 
Daquinn
Daquinn: "Drop your weapon."
Boba Fett: "Which one?"
Daquinn: "Which...?"
Boba Fett: "I can put the blaster down... but that won't save you."
Daquinn: "Put the blaster down!" [Fett drops the blaster] "Good. Now, hand over Freeman."
Boba Fett: "One last chance. Walk away."
Daquinn: "You don't get to make demands of us – there are ten of us, Fett, and you are unarmed."
Boba Fett: "Unarmed...? Boba Fett is never unarmed."
―Boba Fett, before unleashing a flamethrower, wrist lasers, stun darts, miniature concussion rockets, a fibercord whip, and his fists 
Danni Quee
Saba: "This one is a hunter. This one does not know how to defend or flee."
Danni: "This one is a scientist. This one didn't used to know how to kill."
Saba: "Danni can return to using human grammar now."
―Saba Sebatyne and Danni Quee 
Darca Nyl
Jaren: "How did you do that?"
Nyl: "Uh…oh, you know. Years of training, that type of thing. Solitude. Heavy medication…"
Jaren: "You mean meditation, right?"
Nyl: "That too."
―Jaren and Darca Nyl 
"There are places in this galaxy that are grand and important. The majority of us, we never see those places. But we have our own stories... And sometimes, even when they seem blackened and burnt... when they appear to hold no light, hope, or chance or redemption... when there appears to be no possible outcome but an ending... they continue. Lycan said to me, 'Men are not driven by altruism.' I'll prove him wrong."
―Darca Nyl 
Daric LaRone
Mara: "Oh, and one more thing. That Hand of Judgment name of yours?"
LaRone: "Yes?"
Mara: "Lose it. There's only one Hand in the Empire, and I'm it."
―Emperor's Hand Mara Jade and Daric LaRone 
Darish Vol
"One may learn much about a rukaro by standing in its path. But one might not survive to benefit from that knowledge."
―Darish Vol, debating whether or not to ally the Sith with Abeloth 
Darovit
Tomcat: "I know the songs! It was never like this! One Jedi is worth a legion of enemies! And if he dies, he dies to save a planet! He doesn't die choking on ash! He doesn't! Why would anyone become a Jedi if it means dying like this?"
Kiel Charny: "Rajan will not die, Tom! And nobody can live in a song! Stars know I would not be here if I were any good at anything else!"
―Tomcat and Kiel Charny, after the Sixth Battle of Ruusan 
Darth Angral
Sith Emperor: "Finish this, Angral. I command it."
Angral: "With pleasure, my Master."
Kira: "What.. what was that? I felt… the Emperor…"
Angral: "You are his Child. His eyes, his ears… his weapon to command. Come, Child, fight by my side. It's where you belong."
Kira: "I'd rather jump out an airlock naked."
―The Sith Emperor, speaking through Kira Carsen to Darth Angral 
Darth Azard
Darth Azard: "Impressive—for one of your kind."
Treis Sinde: "Rudimentary. You should get out more. Meet more of my kind."
―Darth Azard and Treis Sinde, during their duel 
Darth Bane
Darth Bane quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Darth Bane
Darth Chratis
Chratis: "You waste time."
Konshi: "You waste lives."
Chratis: "Humans are replaceable. Seconds are not."
―Darth Chratis and Padawan Shigar Konshi 
Darth Jadus
"Come. Stand before me, and revel in the power of the Dark Council. Allow your body to betray you. Allow your blood to boil, and your heart to slow. Everything that is not of the dark side will be purged—or it will be tainted."
―Jadus, Dark Lord of the Sith 
"I believe in the democratization of fear."
―Darth Jadus 
Darth Kruhl
Darth Kruhl: "I am prepared to die."
Roan Fel: "Good. I'm prepared to kill you."
―Darth Kruhl and Roan Fel, on Bastion 
Darth Malak
Darth Malak quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Darth Malak
Darth Maleval
"Do you think a Lord of the Sith dies so easily?!"
―Darth Maleval, shortly before being shot in the back by a stormtrooper 
Darth Malgus
"You are a child to hate. Your anger barely smolders. You are a fraction of what you could be.
"Your Master was also misguided. He thought to defeat me with calm, but failed. You thought to defeat me with anger, but carry too little despite your loss.
"Be grateful for that, Jedi. Anger exacts its own price."
―Darth Malgus, to Jedi Knight Aryn Leneer 
Darth Maul
Darth Maul quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Darth Maul
Darth Nyriss
Nyriss: "Have you ever heard tales of the Emperor's childhood?"
Scourge: "I don't even know what planet he's from."
Nyriss: "Few people do. He's hidden his past, because if the truth came to light none would follow him."
―Darth Nyriss and Scourge, plotting against the Sith Emperor 
Darth Nihl
"I killed many Jedi that day. Perhaps your father was one."
―Darth Nihl, mocking Cade Skywalker 
Darth Plagueis
Darth Plagueis quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Darth Plagueis
Darth Sion
Sion: "You seek to erode my will. You will not succeed."
Message: [You have eroded Sion's will, reducing his Will saves, Constitution, and Wisdom.]
—Confrontation with Darth Sion in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords 
Sion: "As long as the dark places of this world flow through the cracks of my flesh, I cannot be killed."
Exile: "Tell yourself that a hundred times, and I will strike you down a hundred times."
―Darth Sion and the Jedi Exile 
Darth Talon
Shado: "You've failed your mission, Sith. The Princess is dead."
Talon: "Dead or alive, she will serve. With you and the others also dead, there will be no one to tell Roan Fel his daughter has died. We will entice him out."
Shado: "Your plan has a flaw. It assumes you can kill me."
―Shado Vao duels Darth Talon 
Darth Wredd
Darth Wredd: "What good is an Imperial Knight without an empire? Or with one, for that matter."
Jao Assam: "We... bring... peace to the... galaxy."
Darth Wredd: "Really. Well, I suppose working on construction projects instead of hunting down Sith does make the galaxy more peaceful. For the Sith, at least."
―Darth Wredd verbally spars with a restrained Jao Assam 
"I could snap your neck with a thought. No one would even know what happened to you. So you might want to keep your mouth shut."
―Darth Wredd intimidates Governor Biala 
"My apprenticeship is done."
―Darth Wredd kills his master 
Yalta Val: "Looks like the One Sith isn't coming back."
Darth Wredd: "You're right. I plan on being the only Sith."
―Darth Wredd reveals his plan to Yalta Val 
Darth Wyyrlok (I)
Wyyrlok: "Name the Jedi you have encountered."
Kell: "Jaden Korr."
Wyyrlok: "We know of him. He was apprenticed to Katarn and is, therefore, dangerous."
―Kell Douro updates Darth Wyyrlok on his pursuit of Jaden Korr 
"I am not a slave! I am a fool!"
―Darth Wyyrlok (III) 
Darth Zannah
Zannah: "I knew you had the strength to defeat them, Master. That is why I didn't come to your aid during the battle."
Bane: "And what if you were wrong? What if they had somehow killed me?"
Zannah: "Then you would have been weak, unworthy of being Dark Lord of the Sith. And you would have deserved to die."
Bane: "Precisely."
―Darth Zannah and Darth Bane, after the Duel on Ambria 
"A rumor is only as reliable as its source!"
―Darth Zannah 
Dash Rendar
Dash: "You should have worn old clothes."
Lando: "Hey, Rendar, I don't have any old clothes."
Dash: "You do now."
―Dash Rendar, teasing Lando Calrissian, after he slips and falls in the Coruscant sewer 
R0-4: "I'm afraid I cannot admit you without an appointment. Master Melan is a very busy Bothan. Nor can I bother him with every little thing. Perhaps I can arrange for you to see him in, oh, perhaps a standard week? Your names?"
Dash: "Okay, Goldie." [draws blaster] "My name is Man with a Blaster About to Cook You. Either you open the door or your busy Bothan is going to have to get himself a new receptionist."
R0-4: "Oh, dear."
―Dash Rendar, in "aggressive" negotiations with a protocol droid 
"It's good to be remembered as a martyr without actually having to be dead, wouldn't you say?"
―Dash Rendar, to LE-BO2D9, after the Battle over Coruscant 
"Uh… Luke? I don't think we're in Kothlis anymore."
―Dash Rendar 
Dash: "Stay out here in the corridor."
Leebo: "And I wanted so badly to risk my life alongside you. But hey – you're the boss."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9 
Dash: "Leebo, prepare countermeasures."
Leebo: "You want me to jettison some junk, boss?"
Dash: "Yeah, but prepare countermeasures sounds more professional."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9, evading Imperials while making the Kessel Run 
Dash: "No time like the present."
Leebo: "True. Unless it's the past or the future."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9 
Dass Jennir
Rootrock: "My people have a saying—'Being brought low is the beginning of wisdom.'"
Jennir: "The Jedi also say that."
Rootrook: "Then it must be true."
―Rootrock and Dass Jennir 
Dax Gazaway
"Best of luck to the racers, and our condolences to the families of the unlucky ones!"
―Dax Gazaway, announcing a podrace on Tatooine 
Deadeye Duncan
Duncan: "What are you looking at, fresh meat? You want a piece of me? You want to step into the dueling chambers with me?"
Revan: "Who are you?"
Duncan: "I'm Deadeye Duncan, the number five ranked duelist in this cantina. You must have seen me in the dueling chambers, right?"
Revan: "You're the number five ranked duelist? Out of how many?"
Duncan: "Uh... five."
―Deadeye Duncan and Revan 
Dean Jinzler
"I'm an electronics technician. Like my father before me."
―Dean Jinzler 
Del Moomo
Zayne: "Dob, Del – you're the smartest Ithorians in the galaxy!"
Dob: "I don't know why we don't hear that more."
Del: "What I don't know is how he could be so right about me, and so wrong about you."
―Zayne Carrick compliments the Moomo Brothers on a job more or less well done 
Raana: "I have to consult with my colleagues on an alternate plan. It's night here—it'll be a while. Stand by."
Del: "It's night here, too. We'll sleep on it."
Raana: "No, you won't! I don't sleep so nobody sleeps! Stay where you are—and don't do anything!"
Del: "She'd be a happier person if she got more sleep."
―Del Moomo, angering Raana Tey 
Dob: "We're supposed to watch him, not grab him."
Del: "I say we grab him, and then we watch him."
Dob: "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
―Dob and Del Moomo, trailing Arvan Carrick on Telerath 
Demagol
"These are meager pickings to begin with. A Rodian and another human. Why must they always be humans? How I long to find a Trandoshan Jedi, to compare my past control groups. Vivisection experiments become so much easier when limbs can be regrown. Who says there are no second chances?"
―Demagol, lamenting the lack of diversity in the Jedi prisoners delivered to the Flashpoint Station 
"I have never understood discrimination against other species; in fact, it is the comparative differences that make beings so interesting to study. Pity the poor researcher who works only with a homogenous population. My laboratory welcomes all. Before my blade, all are equal!"
―Demagol 
Den Dhur
Rhinann: "There are, as far as I have been able to determine, no lightsabers, or components thereof remaining on Coruscant."
Dhur: "You're sure? Did you look under the couch?"
―Haninum Tyk Rhinann and Den Dhur, discussing availability of lightsabers 
I-5YQ: "See that landspeeder parked behind you?"
Den Dhur: "Yes."
I-5YQ: "Call it the past."
Den Dhur: "Why?"
I-5YQ: "Because it's behind you. See that trash bin ahead of you? That's the future."
Den Dhur: "For you, maybe. I try to be more optimistic."
―I-5YQ, trying to explain the way the Cephalon views time to Den Dhur 
Den Dhur: "Good thing you don't sleep."
I-5YQ: "Oh, yes. Lucky me, I get to experience every microsecond of our stay here. I'll make sure to record it for posterity."
―Den Dhur and I-5YQ, in a small hotel room 
"Heroes may get medals, but mostly they get dead, in my experience."
―Den Dhur 
Den Skeenah
"We have laws on how we treat sentient species. We have laws on how we treat animals and semi-sentients. We even have laws protecting plants. But we have absolutely no laws whatsoever governing the welfare of clone troops—human beings. They have no legal status, no rights, no freedoms, and no representation. Every one of you here who accepted this army without murmur should hang your head in shame. If that's the depths we as a Republic can sink to in the name of democracy, it hardly surprises me that the CIS wants to break away. The end can never justify means like this."
―Senator Den Skeenah, speaking before the Galactic Senate 
Denell Kel'Vannon
"95% of this job is talking to people, the other 5% is shooting at them."
―Denell Kel'Vannon, private investigator 
Denetrus
Den: "Don't look at me like that, all of you. I'm an honest man!"
Qui-Gon: [cocks an eyebrow]
Obi-Wan: [looks disgusted]
Andra: [breathes out exasperated]
Den: "Okay, so I'm not one hundred percent honest."
―Andra, Denetrus, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn, concerning Denetrus 
Dengar
Dengar: "You know what I like best about you, Fett? You're such a sparklin' conversationalist."
Boba Fett: "Sometimes it's better to think rather than speak."
―Dengar complains about Boba Fett's lack of speaking 
Zuckuss: "It seems we are at a stalemate, gentlemen..."
Dengar: "I don't know the meaning of the word..."
Bossk: "Really. He doesssn't."
―Zuckuss, to Dengar and Bossk 
"How much further is dis thing? My drapes are startin' ta stick ta my thighs!"
―Dengar, during the hunt for the Yavin Vassilika 
Dengar: "It's a nice night to die, isn't it?" [Kritkeen looks around] "Here I am."
Kritkeen: "Who are you?"
Dengar: "This is to be a routine assassination. By the book. You may already know the routine. Under Section 2127 of the Imperial Code, I am required to notify you that I have been hired to conduct a legal assassination in order to atone for crimes against humanity committed by you."
―Dengar, before killing Sinick Kritkeen 
Depa Billaba
"You should never have sent me. And I should never have come. But what's done can never be undone. I know you think I've gone mad. I haven't. What's happened to me is worse. I've gone sane."
―Depa Billaba 
Billaba: "Even with half a brain gone, a Hutt can still function?"
Windu: "Yes. I don't know if that speaks well of the species—or ill!"
―Depa Billaba and Mace Windu, on Gargonn 
Derek Klivian (a.k.a. "Hobbie")
Derek Klivian ("Hobbie") quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Derek Klivian
Derran Takkar
"Think before you whine."
―Derran Takkar 
Desann
Desann: "Kyle? Kyle Katarn? You're the legendary hero that destroyed Jerec at the Valley of the Jedi? You look like nothing more than a bantha herder."
Kyle: "Well, you look like an over-grown Kowakian monkey-lizard, so I guess looks don't count for much."
―Desann and Kyle Katarn 
Dhidal Nyz
"Surrender. It will hurt less."
―Bounty hunter Dhidal Nyz, to psychotic Jedi Knight Valin Horn 
"You shouldn't point weapons at me. It doesn't improve your prospects for survival."
―Bounty hunter Dhidal Nyz, to Galactic Alliance Security agents 
Dia Passik
Face: "Forgive the intrusion, but we heard that the new vintage of Piggy was being decanted."
Lara: "But it looks like it's turned to vinegar."
Dia: "And it's corked."
Elassar: "I am pleased to meet you. I need you to kill me. Nobody else will."
Janson: "To make sure you remember this little event, we've had some special things made up for you. Bacta-flavored candy. Bacta-flavored brandy. Bacta-flavored cheese."
Shalla: "Kell and I worked up an instructional manual for you. It's called, How to Dodge."
―Voort "Piggy" saBinring receives a warm welcome from his squadmates after emerging from a bacta tank 
Dimity
Dimity: "Imperial shuttle destroyed, mag-lev engine destroyed, cargo gone, substantial collateral property damage...that's probably Lieutentant Fasser on the comm. Glad I'm not you."
Myrsk: "I intend to take the full responsibility for this, Corporal Dimity...and shift it all on you."
―Dimity and Myrsk discuss Jahan Cross's escape 
DK-4F3
"Of course, I have no biological needs or functions, and pleasure-seeking is not in my programming. That didn't keep the hostess from treating me as well as any organic guest. Without a doubt, it was the most invigorating oil bath treatment I had ever received."
―DK-4F3, a droid tourist to Zeltros 
Dob Moomo
Zayne: "Dob, Del – you're the smartest Ithorians in the galaxy!"
Dob: "I don't know why we don't hear that more."
Del: "What I don't know is how he could be so right about me, and so wrong about you."
―Zayne Carrick compliments the Moomo Brothers on a job more or less well done 
Dob: "We're supposed to watch him, not grab him."
Del: "I say we grab him, and then we watch him."
Dob: "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
―Dob and Del Moomo, trailing Arvan Carrick on Telerath 
Don-Wan Kihotay
"Fie upon you, foul feathery fiend!"
―Don-Wan Kihotay, fighting high-hounds 
Dooku
Dooku quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Dooku
Dox
Dox: "General, the enemy's advancing. There are only nine of us left. Any orders?"
Kim: "Take out as many of them as you can. Die well."
Dox: "Copy that."
―Clone Commander Dox and Ronhar Kim 
Dracmus
Dracmus: "We have tried everything, I assure you."
Mara: "Have you tried cash?"
Dracmus: "I am begging your pardon?"
Mara: "Cash. Money. A travel case full of credit notes. You know. A bribe. Or make it sound nice. Call it a consulting fee."
―Mara Jade, offering a unique perspective on persuading Selonians to aid the New Republic 
Han: "Have you ever given a straight answer in your life?"
Dracmus: "What, exactly, are you meaning by straight answer?"
―Han Solo and Dracmus 
Han Solo: «How does all go?»
Salculd: «All is well, Honored Solo. At least until the next subsystem flips out.»
Han Solo: [muttering] "Wonderful." [out loud] «Everything be well, Honored Dracmus?»
Dracmus: «Fine, fine, all is fine, until we crash and die.»
―Han Solo, Dracmus, and Salculd, aboard a heavily damaged coneship over Selonia 
Drathul
Drathul: "I would kill you now but for your new legion of body guards. But you will die before this day is through, Nom Anor. If not by my hand, then by another's."
Nom Anor: "Stand in line, High Prefect. I have no lack of enemies."
―High Prefect Drathul and Prefect Nom Anor 
Dray
Finn: "The Imperial ambassador from Shramar, Yarmond. He's the Yuuzhan Vong agent."
Dray: "An Imperial ambassador? What a stupid disguise. He's trying to hide evil by wrapping it in evil."
―Finn Galfridian and Master Dray discuss Yarmond's disguise 
"Come on, little dead buddy. Let's go get our boy back, wipe out the Vong, and save the Galaxy. And then rule it."
―Master Dray, talking to the remains of Prowl 
"Didn't you get chopped into two halves? Did the other half survive, too? Are there, like, some crazy Sith legs running around by themselves ready to deal out a good kicking?"
―Dray, to Darth Maul at the Battle of Moorjhone 
"You may want to get up. I'm quite mad, and even I know that you don't want to lie down in an alley on Nar Shaddaa. The sort of diseases we have here won't bother killing you slowly. They'll just punch you in the face and steal your arms. Do you have any idea what price a disease can get for arms?"
―Dray, to Finn Galfridian, after finding him passed out 
Drend Navett
Klif: "You think Bel Iblis is up to something?"
Navett: "That walking sack of annoyance is always up to something."
―Imperial Intelligence agents and Klif and Navett worry about New Republic General Bel Iblis 
Droma
Droma: "Solos always seem to have more than their 'fair share' of problems. Maybe it's genetic."
Jaina: "Hey, the universe is the one with the problem. It's just the Solos' job to fix it."
―Droma and Jaina Solo 
Han: "You remember how to operate the copilot's board?"
Droma: "Follow orders, and curse when something goes wrong. Which it invariably does."
―Han Solo and Droma, on copiloting the Millennium Falcon 
Han: "Look, just relax, Droma, and stop your whining. Leia knows what she's doing."
Droma: "She married you, didn't she? That's not what I'd call a particularly good track record."
―Han Solo and Droma 
Droma: "The song reminds you of something."
Han Solo: "Good old days."
Droma: "How old?"
Han Solo: "Old enough to be good."
―Han Solo and Droma 
Droogan
C-3PO: "Artoo, make sure you watch our credits."
Droogan: "My grandpa always told me, 'Don't watch your credits; watch your health.' So while I was watching my health, someone stole my credits!"
―C-3PO, purchasing jogan fruit from Droogan 
Dunhausen
Trioculus: "We will need a new, secret home base. I have yet to decide where. I will now hear your suggestions."
Dunhausen: "I suggest the planet Tatooine. We can take over the Mos Eisley spaceport!"
Trioculus: "That useless planet where Jabba the Hutt died? Do you think I want the Empire to waste its time eliminating sand people like the Tusken Raiders and those two-bit traders, the Jawas?"
Thistleborn: "Bespin! Let's take over Cloud City!"
Trioculus: "We already have a barge full of factories for building weapons and mining tibanna gas on Bespin. Besides, Cloud City isn't a fit place to train our troops."
Takel: "Dagobah?"
Trioculus: "You're wasting my time!"
Hissa: "Hoth?"
―Trioculus and the Central Committee of Grand Moffs 
Durga Besadii Tai
Durga: "Any last words?"
Madine: "Not to you."
―Durga Besadii Tai and Crix Madine, shortly before the latter's execution 
Durge
"You know, it's been over a century since I killed a Jedi... and today, I get to kill four of you. Add that to the Gungans I already murdered, the hostages I'm going to kill later, and all the Naboo who will die tomorrow, and it's a damn good week."
―Durge 
"May the Force be with you, meatbag."
―Durge, about the recently killed Jedi Knight Glaive 
E522 assassin droid
"Go ahead, life form—make my operation cycle."
―E522 assassin droid 
Eaden Vrill
"Pride rises before disaster falls."
―Eaden Vrill 
Ebareebaveebeedee
"His Mace Windship will forever haunt Squibbish poems and jingles, and future fuzzlings will hear of the valiant Knight with his koovy purplish blade."
―King Ebareebaveebeedee, praising Mace Windu for his role in the Battle of Skor II 
"'Our ultrastrong loyalties and royalties to Republicness and whatever it may stand for will not let splitty-types coax-haggle Squibbish into leaving, no matter the size of the haggleprize,' said the King in his 20-minute address. After bargaining for another six minutes of screen-time, the King then added,'You bet.' This marks the third Grand Proclamation by the ruler of the Squib Polyanarchy in as many days, following yesterday's declaration of the Jedi order as 'koovy.'"
―King Ebareebaveebeedee announces the Squibs' commitment to the Republic on HoloNet News 

Ebenn Q3 Baobab
"Making a good first impression is always important when meeting new life-forms. A casual wave of the hand, however, or an extension of an arm for a handshake may result in the loss of your limb."
―Ebenn Q3 Baobab, sharing an important travel tip 
Ecklin
Ecklin: "I'll meet you in the archive room."
Voidhound: "I was hoping you'd say there's a secret passage that'll take us right where we need to go."
Ecklin: "Any passage wide enough for the Hutts wouldn't be very secret."
―Captain Voidhound and Representative Ecklin, infiltrating the Hutt Cartel on Makeb 
Ekhrikhor
Han: "But as long as we're discussing hostility, you can knock off that 'consort of the Lady Vader' stuff. Call me Han, or Solo. Or Captain. Or practically anything else."
Luke: "Han clan Solo, maybe."
Ekhrikhor: "That is good. We beg your forgiveness, Han clan Solo."
Luke: "I think you've been adopted."
Han: "Yeah. Thanks. A Lot."
―Han Solo, Luke Skywalker and Ekhrikhor 
Elan Sel'Sabagno
Elan: "You wanna buy some death sticks?"
Obi-Wan: "You don't want to sell me death sticks."
Elan: "I don't want to sell you death sticks."
Obi-Wan: "You want to go home and rethink your life."
Elan: "I want to go home and rethink my life."
―Elan Sel'Sabagno and Obi-Wan Kenobi 
"ELAN SLEAZEBAGGANO: WHEN ONLY THE BEST AND SLIMIEST WILL DO!"
―Elan Sleazebaggano's business card 
"I'd tell you, but then you'd have to kill me."
―Elan Sleazebaggano, to Boba Fett 
Elassar Targon
Face: "Forgive the intrusion, but we heard that the new vintage of Piggy was being decanted."
Lara: "But it looks like it's turned to vinegar."
Dia: "And it's corked."
Elassar: "I am pleased to meet you. I need you to kill me. Nobody else will."
Janson: "To make sure you remember this little event, we've had some special things made up for you. Bacta-flavored candy. Bacta-flavored brandy. Bacta-flavored cheese."
Shalla: "Kell and I worked up an instructional manual for you. It's called, How to Dodge."
―Voort "Piggy" saBinring receives a warm welcome from his squadmates after emerging from a bacta tank 
Elise Montagne
Elise: "Don't worry. I'm going to hug you and oil you and care for you and make sure you never get away, ever again."
C8-42: "Please kill me...."
―Elise Montagne and C8-42-GE3 
Elscol Loro
Iella: "Are you saying there's no life after death?"
Elscol: "I'm saying it doesn't matter. On one hand, if there isn't an afterlife, you'll be remembered for the things you did while you were alive. On the other, if there is an afterlife, you'll be able to share all you did with those who died before you. Either way, living as long as possible and doing the most you can is the only way to go."
―Iella Wessiri and Elscol Loro 
Embra
Jabba: "You're deluded, Embra!"
Embra: "Deluded, beloved, and rich!"
―Jabba the Hutt, to Embra 
Emesh Nar
Emesh Nar: "You would have opened it if you could have. The lock requires a palm print, a retinal scan, and a blood sample to open."
Cross: "I'm prepared to kill you, slice off your hand, and gouge out your eye—which should give me plenty of blood for the sample. Stop stalling."
―Emesh Nar and Jahan Cross, discussing the security methods on Nar's safe 
Emon Azzameen
Emkay: "Dunari's Casino? That place has a... colorful reputation!"
Emon: "It'll be great, Emkay, we can all get a nice lube job! You can even get your nuts tightened!"
―Emon Azzameen and Emkay, his family's droid (second line cut "due to prudishness") 
Emperor's Wrath
Zixx: "Take a look behind yourself Sith, that's what two squads of the Republic's finest look like."
Wrath: "You're about to see what two squads of the Republic's deadest look like."
―Zixx and the Emperor's Wrath — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Ennix Devian
Devian: "But... but... I had you..."
Kir Kanos: "You, of all people, should know Vader's first rule — never stop fighting until your opponent is dead."
―Kir Kanos kills Ennix Devian 
Eramuth Bwua'tu
Luke: "To tell the truth, Counselor, I'm not sure why you waited for the Jedi to return. Club Bwua'tu seems to have the war well in hand without us."
Bwua'tu: "I'm surprised you haven't figured that out by now, Master Skywalker. We needed the cannon fodder."
―Luke Skywalker and Eramuth Bwua'tu, before the assault on the New Jedi Temple 
Etahn A'baht
A'baht: "If you're afraid to offend someone, they control you. And that's no way to govern. Or negotiate. No one respects weakness."
Leia: "Is that all friendship is to you—weakness?"
A'baht: "Treaties aren't built on friendship. They're built on mutual self-interest, or they're no more than polite lies."
―Etahn A'baht and Leia Organa Solo 
"I'm telling you that there's more to being ready to defend yourself than posting sentries at the border. You must plan, and you must train, for the battle you don't want to fight, against the enemy you don't want to face, on the ground you don't want to defend. Then, and only then, do you have a credible deterrent."
―Etahn A'baht, to Leia Organa Solo 
A'baht: "Whatever waits for us, whether princess or dragon, we are called to embrace it. I am mindful of a Dornean war prayer I heard my own mother offer—'I pray that my son does not die today. But if he should die, I pray that he dies well. But most of all, I pray that if he lives, it will not be dishonor which preserves him.'"
Morano: "Are you a betting man, General? Princess or dragon?"
A'baht: "Captain, I am not certain I can always tell the difference."
―Etahn A'baht and Morano 
"This is General Etahn A'baht, commander of the New Republic combined forces in Farlax. This is my final warning to the citizens and worlds of the Duskhan League. You are called to account for your crimes against the peaceful peoples of Koornacht. You must give up the territory you illegally seized by force. You must surrender all hostages unharmed. Your past aggressions will not be tolerated. Future aggression will not be permitted. I call on the captains of all Yevethan vessels: Stand down your weapons. Lower your shields. Maintain your current orbits—or be destroyed. I call on Viceroy Nil Spaar: Order the immediate surrender of all Yevethan forces everywhere. Yield your claim to authority and your post as viceroy, and your cities will be spared. Resist, and you invite the total destruction of both your fleet and your way of life."
―Etahn A'baht, to the Duskhan League 
Corgan: "So how do we play it now, General?"
A'baht: "We must neutralize this force without compromising our unit integrity or mobility. Pass the word as follows: Hold back the bombers. Keep the patrol screens close, and launch the A-wing interceptors only in response to direct threat from other little birds. Our operational unit for this engagement is to be the fleet squadron, and squadron commanders now have operational autonomy. All units, pursue, engage, and destroy all targets of opportunity. Since they insist on a fight, we'll give 'em one."
Corgan: "What about the hostages, sir?"
A'baht: "Pray for them, Colonel. That's all we can do."
―General A'baht leads the Fifth Fleet into the Battle of N'zoth 
Etain Tur-Mukan
"I have nothing else I can give you. I can't pay you, I can't promote you, I can't give you a few days' R and R, and I can't even decorate you for valor. I'm truly sorry that I can't. And I'm sorry that you're being used like this and I wish I could put an end to it and change your lives for the better. But I can't. All I can do is ask your forgiveness."
―Jedi Knight Etain Tur-Mukan, to a wounded clone trooper after giving him a water bottle 
Eulyn
Eulyn: "Heretic!"
Adari: "Good to see you too, Mother."
―Eulyn and Adari Vaal 
EV-9D9
EV-9D9: "How many languages do you speak?"
C-3PO: "I am fluent in over six million forms of communication and can readily—"
EV-9D9: "Splendid. We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him."
C-3PO: "Disintegrated?"
―EV-9D9, finding a place for C-3PO in the court of Jabba the Hutt 
Exar Kun
"Go on to your higher plane, teacher. The galaxy is mine now."
―Exar Kun, to Vodo-Siosk Baas 
Falynn Sandskimmer
"Can you imagine being compared to him all your adult life just because you're another pilot from Tatooine? No, I've never met Luke Skywalker. In fact, I wish I'd never heard of him."
―Falynn Sandskimmer, commenting on Luke Skywalker 
Fa'Zoll
"Nobody expects the Imperial Inquisition!"
―Inquisitor Fa'Zoll 
Feln
Lucien: "…should have about an hour before our Padawans return."
Feln: "Our Padawans. Yours is probably meteor dust by now."
Lucien: "No, Feln. Zayne's too lucky to die that way. He's more likely to trip into a crater and break his neck."
―Lucien Draay and Feln 
Fenig Nabon
Kyp: "No Sith."
Nabon: "Watch your mouth, junior. That kind of language could get you in trouble."
―Fenig Nabon reprimands Kyp Durron for swearing 
Fenn Shysa
Fenn Shysa: "Don't recall ever seeing a holo of Madine in an outfit like that."
Lando: "That's because Crix can't pull it off. He carries a bit much in the middle, know what I mean?"
Fenn Shysa: "And you're wonderin' why Mandalorian mercenaries don't seem to respect you."
Lando: "I like being underestimated."
Fenn Shysa: "I'm thinkin' it's mostly that you like your fancy clothes."
Lando: "If looking good ever becomes a crime, Fenn my friend, I'm ready to do life."
―Fenn Shysa and Lando Calrissian, discussing an outfit that only Lando Calrissian could ever pull off 
Shysa: "So what is it that can get a girl like her so spittin' mad and all?"
Lando: "It's not a what, it's a who. In her defense, he could make a Jedi Master throw a full-scale hissy-fit."
Shysa: "You must be talkin' about Solo."
―Fenn Shysa and Lando Calrissian, on Leia Organa's relationship with Han Solo 
Shysa: "Say, pal, didja know yer shoelaces was untied?"
Stormtrooper: "Gosh, no. Thanks. I guess they must've—hey, waita-minit! Stormtrooper boots don't have laces!"
―A disguised Fenn Shysa tricks an Imperial stormtrooper 
Ferus Olin
Palpatine: "Please sit. Make yourself comfortable. You see we allowed you to keep your weapon. A lightsaber... how interesting. And here I thought you were a former Jedi."
Ferus: "Former apprentice, actually."
Palpatine: "I could hardly expect you to admit to being a Jedi, seeing that they were traitors who tried to bring down the Republic."
Ferus: "I'm confused. I thought it was you who brought down the Republic. Didn't you declare an Empire a couple of months ago?"
―Supreme Chancellor Palpatine and Ferus Olin 
"Obi-Wan doesn't see you clearly. He is a great Jedi Knight, but he is blinded by affection."
―Ferus Olin, to Anakin Skywalker, after the first sensed a lie of Anakin to Obi-Wan Kenobi 
"The Force doesn't always give us what we want, or even what we need. But it always gives us something we can use. To survive."
―Ferus Olin 
Garen: "What's your plan?"
Ferus: "I'm supposed to have a plan?"
Garen: "Well, I'd suggest one. Let's refer to our Temple training."
Ferus: "A quiz? Now?"
Garen: "When you meet overwhelming force and you're outnumbered, what are the strategies available to you?"
Ferus: "Retreat, for one. That's always a favorite."
―Ferus Olin and Garen Muln, fleeing stormtroopers on Ilum 
Fi Skirata (a.k.a. RC-8015, "Fi")
Niner: "Now what are you listening to?"
Fi: "Mon Cal opera, I'm improving my mind."
Niner: "Liar. I can see you nodding to the beat."
―RC-1309 ("Niner") and RC-8015 ("Fi") 
Fi: "Name me another army where you get handcrafted Verps to play with."
Scorch: "The Verpine army."
Fi: "Do they have an army?"
Scorch: "Do they need one?"
―RC-8015 and RC-1262, discussing the Verpine rifles 
Fi: "You can live without an arm, they can always bolt on a new one."
Boss: "What about my head?"
Fi: "Like I said, they can always replace nonessential parts."
Boss: "I love this guy. He'll make such great target practice."
―RC-8015 ("Fi") and RC-1138 ("Boss") banter 
"That's the Grand Army for you. See the Galaxy, meet fascinating new species and snack on them."
―Fi Skirata, after trying Marit stew 
"It's Atin's face. Don't stand there being so ugly, man. You're scaring him."
―Fi Skirata, to Atin, discussing what was scaring Guta-Nay 
Fi: "Ooh, a Flash speeder."
Sev: "Don't even think about it."
Fi: "I meant that we could bolt on a few surprises, not wander off with it."
Sev: "Look, what does the word recce mean, ner vod?"
Fi: "It almost sounds like wreck."
Sev: "You scare me, and that's saying something."
―Clone commandos Fi and Sev, doing a recce of the business zone of Coruscant 
Fidelis
Fidelis: "Another game?"
Solis: "I think not."
Fidelis: "Are you sure? We could make it best nine hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and thirteen games out of one point nine million thirty-four thousand eight hundred and twenty-four."
―Fidelis's mathematical calculation circuits fail after winning too many games of dejarik over Solis 
Fideltin Rusk
"Master Jedi, the defeat of the Sith Empire is easily the most ambitious mission I have ever been given. In fact, the odds of surviving a battle against the Emperor himself are almost zero. I'm looking forward to this more than any other assignment I have ever had."
―Sergeant Fideltin Rusk 
Rusk: "Master Jedi, our downtime has had a positive impact on my battle-readiness. I believe I'm fourteen point two percent more prepared for combat now."
Hero of Tython: "What? What does that even mean?"
Rusk: "It's a statistical analysis of—well... I won't bore you with the details."
―Sergeant Rusk and the Hero of Tython 
Finis Valorum
"Some fights must be fought whether you believe you can win them or not."
―Finis Valorum 
Valorum: "You're a good friend, Senator."
Palpatine: "My interests are the interests of the Republic, Supreme Chancellor."
―Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum and Senator Palpatine 
Valorum: "Just think where we might be without the Jedi."
Palpatine: "I can only imagine."
―Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum and Senator Palpatine 
Finn
"Empathy is a Jedi trait. Empathy leads to understanding. Understanding leads to compassion. Compassion leads to love. There is no place for love for a Sith. Only hate."
―Finn rebukes his male Sith apprentice 
Finn Galfridian
Finn: "You. Want. To. Put. The. Blaster. Down."
Han Solo: "You. Want. To. Practice. Your. Jedi. Mind. Trick."
―Finn Galfridian and Han Solo 
Jaina: "What will you do?"
Finn: "Get in a ship and fly to Artorias. Hopefully, along the way, I'll come up with a plan."
Jaina: "That may be the single worst strategy I've ever heard. You, alone, versus an entire Yuuzhan Vong army?"
Finn: "I won't be alone. Prowl will be with me."
Prowl: "Please don't involve me in your insanity."
―Jaina Solo and Prowl criticize Finn Galfridian's strategy to liberate Artorias 
Caled: "I'm just grateful I was able to see you. I was able to see the good man you're becoming. I was able to see a glimpse of what you'll be... and I was able to see that girl you're hanging around with."
Finn: "She's Han Solo's daughter."
Caled: "Hmm. Fighting Yuuzhan Vong is safer than that."
―Caled and Finn Galfridian, regarding Jaina Solo 
Finn: "The Imperial ambassador from Shramar, Yarmond. He's the Yuuzhan Vong agent."
Dray: "An Imperial ambassador? What a stupid disguise. He's trying to hide evil by wrapping it in evil."
―Finn Galfridian and Master Dray discuss Yarmond's disguise 
Leia: "Han! This is Finn. He is a friend of your children."
Han: "I see. Finn, are you particularly friendly with my daughter?"
Finn: "Um..."
Leia: "Don't worry, Finn. He's not going to shoot you."
Han: "Don't be too sure, kid. You haven't answered my question yet."
―Han Solo questions Finn Galfridian about his intentions 
Borsk: "Whatever you're being paid to kill me, I'll double it."
Finn: "You'll pay me twice as much to kill you?"
―Borsk Fey'lya and Finn Galfridian during their confrontation on Coruscant 
Caled: "Get down from there!"
Finn: "You know, if you're worried I am about to fall, maybe shouting isn't the best way to get my attention."
―Caled Galfridian stops Finn Galfridian from doing a handstand on the edge of a balcony 
Firmus Nantz
"Never interrupt your opponent while he is making a mistake."
―Firmus Nantz, admiral, New Republic 
"Control space and you control any battlefield you can imagine. Unfortunately, you cannot control space."
―New Republic Admiral Firmus Nantz 
Firmus Piett
Piett: "The Executor is performing at peak efficiency. Estimated time of arrival is 27 hours and forty-two minutes."
Vader: "Tell the navigator if we arrive one minute after his estimate, he needn't worry about the return trip."
―Firmus Piett and Darth Vader, on board Executor, en route to Circarpous V 
Vader: "Do they have a code clearance?"
Piett: "It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them."
―Darth Vader, overseeing Admiral Piett's questionable security 
Freedon Nadd
"I am Freedon Nadd. I do not free Jedi, I destroy them. I shatter them. And now, I shall shatter you!"
―Freedon Nadd, to Exar Kun 
Furi Nistola
"And thus I regret to inform your lordship that your gift has been stolen. By a swoop gang, most likely. Or Rebels. Or an alien."
―Furi Nistola, explaining how he "lost" his RA-7 protocol droid 
G0-T0
"Pazaak bores me. I often suspect my opponents of cheating. I prefer predictable games, such as galactic economics."
―G0-T0 
Exile: "I'm getting tired of being blamed for Peragus."
G0-T0: "Then stop causing events of planetary destruction. You are a walking catastrophe, and you are not making saving the Republic any easier."
―The Jedi Exile and G0-T0, discussing the destruction of Peragus II 
"In essence, working for the Republic was much like committing much slower, much more boring crimes."
―G0-T0 
"I hope you do not decide that the next thing that must be destroyed to stop the Sith is the galaxy itself."
―G0-T0, to the Jedi Exile 
"I only want the universe to settle down for a while, catch its breath. All these constant crises are getting somewhat repetitive."
―G0-T0, to the Jedi Exile 
"Perhaps you misunderstand me. I 'care' for the Republic, but I have no choice. It is somewhat frustrating to be forced to love and care for such a mess of a government."
―G0-T0 
Jorran: "If you give me 1300 credits, you can have it all. That'll be enough for me to get off this rock. No returns on this, you're stuck with what you buy."
G0-T0: "Amendment sixteen hundred ninety five dash three zero of the Khoonda civil code allows us to sell you into slavery."
Jorran: "What? That's ridiculous."
'G0-T0: "Paragraph twelve: 'salvageable items include organic matter incapable of leaving the boundaries of the salvage area..."
Jorran: "You wouldn't!"
G0-T0: "A male human such as you would fetch approximately 500 credits on the auction block in Nar Shaddaa. Therefore, I suggest you offer your goods for 500 credits less than your initial figure."
―G0-T0, haggling with Jorran shortly after his rescue from the ruins of the Dantooine Jedi Enclave 
"You would be surprised at how little I care about what you think."
―G0-T0 
G2-4T
"Security is a very serious business. I do not have time to joke around, but if I did, I would tell you a very funny one about a Tusken Raider, a Jawa, and an Aqualish walking into a cantina, but I don't, so I won't. So move it along."
―G2-4T 
Gaen Drommel
Drommel: "You will answer my next question or I will have my men bring in laser cutters and remove a limb of their choosing. Do I make myself clear?"
Cavv: "Sure."
Drommel: "Very good. What are you doing here?"
Cavv: [silence]
Drommel: "Did you not hear me?"
Cavv: "I heard you. You told me to answer your next question and I believe it was 'do I make myself clear?' to which I responded in the affirmative."
Drommel: "That wasn't a question."
Cavv: "Well, I'm not quite sure about the actual punctuation that appeared in your mind, but the inquisitory inflection was definitely there. So I did, in fact, answer your next question. You should be more careful with your semantic accuracy."
―Imperial Admiral Drommel attempts to interrogate Cryle Cavv 
Galactic Weekly NewsStack
"37.82 Boba Fett is actually a green, scaly humanoid about 25 centimeters tall. He controls his armor via a complicated system of levers, pulleys, and bits of string. DataPage 83400
37.91 Retraction: The editors would like to apologize to Mr. Fett for the above item, and ask that he please quit shooting our reporters. DataPage 83401"
―Satirical item in counterculture Galactic Weekly NewsStack 
"26.12 'Oink' is a deadly insult in Gamorrese; Moff Balfour inadvertently starts clan war. DataPage 20177"
―Satirical item in counterculture Galactic Weekly NewsStack 
"28.08 Imperial Royal Guard foils attempted theft of Palpatine's left leg. 'I'm hopping mad,' says Emperor. DataPage 23671"
―Satirical item in counterculture Galactic Weekly NewsStack 
Galak Fyyar
Galak: "I, Galak Fyyar the First, the genius who conceived of the Shadow Armor, will rule the galaxy with a Cortosis fist! Worlds will tremble, stars will shudder—"
Kyle: [destroys Doomgiver's shield generator] "Your shields will fall!"
―Kyle Katarn, interrupting Galak Fyyar's villainous monologue 
Galen Marek
PROXY: "I hate being him."
Galen: "I think he does too."
―PROXY and Galen Marek, referring to Darth Vader 
Juno: "I have a really bad feeling about this."
Galen: "Then we must be doing something right."
―Juno Eclipse and Galen Marek, before Marek confronts Darth Vader 
Galen: "Easy, PROXY. You're malfunctioning."
PROXY: "It's my fault, master. I had hoped that using an older training module would catch you off guard and allow me to finally kill you. I'm sorry I failed you again."
―Galen Marek and PROXY 
Marek: "Do you know why you're here?"
Juno: "Yes. My orders are clear. I'm to keep your ship running and fly you wherever your missions require."
Marek: "Did Vader tell you that he killed our last pilot?"
Juno: "No. But I can only assume that he gave Lord Vader good reason to do so. I will not."
Marek: "Well, let's hope so. I'm sick of training new pilots."
―Galen Marek and Juno Eclipse, meeting for the first time 
Galidon Okanor
Okanor: "I recognize, from their description, that at least half of these items have been reported stolen. Some have been on wanted lists for years."
Han Solo: "Doesn't surprise me. And you, you'll sell 'em to museums, won't you?"
Okanor: "Most of them, most of them."
Han Solo: "Okay, then, that's good. That's where they should be."
―Han Solo, selling stolen items from a private collection to Galidon Okanor 
Ganner Rhysode
"This threshold is mine. I claim it for my own. Bring on your thousands, one at a time or all in a rush. I don't give a damn. None shall pass."
―Ganner Rhysode 
Gar Stazi
Stazi: "You struck a superior officer, Jhoram Bey."
Bey: "For the good of the service, Admiral. And under the implied orders of Captain Yorub."
Stazi: "Still, such an act cannot be permitted without consequence. I'm appointing you to Captain Yorub's position as my second. Teach you not to hit an admiral."
―Gar Stazi and Jhoram Bey, after the Battle of Mon Calamari 
"We cannot pick every battle we fight, General Jaeger. Win or lose, live or die—some battles must be fought. If we choose to do nothing, then we kill hope. I will fight this fight—alone if I must. But I will fight."
―Admiral Gar Stazi vows to evacuate the citizens of Dac 
Bey: "We've got a delegation of Quarren demanding their species take precedence over the Whaladons and the Moappa."
Stazi: "Hnnn! They should ask their Sith 'friends' to take them. They get every tenth ship and they're lucky to have that. They try to take more—shoot to kill. I'm not playing games with collaborators!"
―Captain Jhoram Bey and Admiral Gar Stazi manage the Evacuation of Dac 
Gara Petothel (a.k.a. Lara Notsil)
Lara Notsil: "What are you doing?"
Face: "I'm learning to play a variety of musical instruments using only the power of my mind."
―Lara Notsil and Garik "Face" Loran 
Face: "Forgive the intrusion, but we heard that the new vintage of Piggy was being decanted."
Lara: "But it looks like it's turned to vinegar."
Dia: "And it's corked."
Elassar: "I am pleased to meet you. I need you to kill me. Nobody else will."
Janson: "To make sure you remember this little event, we've had some special things made up for you. Bacta-flavored candy. Bacta-flavored brandy. Bacta-flavored cheese."
Shalla: "Kell and I worked up an instructional manual for you. It's called, How to Dodge."
―Voort "Piggy" saBinring receives a warm welcome from his squadmates after emerging from a bacta tank 
Kirney: "You put the team back together."
Voort: "I didn't. But… yes. It was done."
Kirney: "I saw faces back there I recognize, young faces. Piggy, you will not recruit from my children."
Voort: "Four blips incoming. Sensor returns and speed suggest starfighters or atmospheric fighters. Our escorts are turning to meet them."
Kirney: "Skyhoppers out of Fey'lya Base. What did I just tell you?"
Voort: "I do not recruit from your children. This cockpit smells like fur."
Kirney: "Shut up. What did I tell you?"
Voort: "I do not recruit from your children. How's Myn?"
Kirney: "Grinning from ear to ear. You know why? Because we have a very profitable business and all our children are alive. What did I tell you?"
Voort: "I do not—"
―Kirney Slane and Voort saBinring 
Garen Muln
Garen: "What's your plan?"
Ferus: "I'm supposed to have a plan?"
Garen: "Well, I'd suggest one. Let's refer to our Temple training."
Ferus: "A quiz? Now?"
Garen: "When you meet overwhelming force and you're outnumbered, what are the strategies available to you?"
Ferus: "Retreat, for one. That's always a favorite."
―Ferus Olin and Garen Muln, fleeing stormtroopers on Ilum 
Gargonn
«Ooops! A thousand pardons, it seems that someone has accidentally released some crazed beasts into the arena with you.»
―Gargonn the Hutt 

Garik Loran (a.k.a. "Face")
Garik Loran ("Face") quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Garik Loran
Garr
Garr: "What happened to your mother? If you don't mind my asking."
Boba: "I don't mind you asking, if you don't mind my not answering."
Garr: "Fair enough."
―Orphan Garr and a young Boba Fett 
Garven Dreis
Wedge: "Look at the size of that thing."
Garven: "Cut the chatter, Red Two."
―Wedge Antilles and Garven Dreis, approaching the Death Star in the Battle of Yavin 
Gavar Khai
"A trap is only a trap if it takes one by surprise. Otherwise, it is merely an obstacle to be overcome."
―Gavar Khai 
Ben: "She was chasing me."
Gavar: "She was behind you? And you are still alive?"
―Ben Skywalker and Gavar Khai, on Vestara Khai 
Gavin Darklighter
"Rogue Squadron to Borleias: We're back. We kicked your butt twenty years ago, now we're here to do it again."
―Colonel Gavin Darklighter 
Corran: "Gavin, are you trying to tell me you don't know how to kiss a girl?"
Gavin: "Anchorhead may have been small but not that small."
Corran: "Kin don't count."
Gavin: "I wasn't related to everyone around there, you know."
―Corran Horn and Gavin Darklighter 
"It's just a city, the whole thing, one big, huge, really big city. It's all city."
―Gavin Darklighter, upon first seeing Coruscant 
Wedge: "Unseating Isard may, in fact, turn out to be impossible."
Corran: "Gavin, this is where you're supposed to tell us that unseating her isn't tough and relate the whole thing to varminting on Tatooine."
Gavin: "I didn't hear anyone mention a trench or canyon or womp rats. Taking a planet is beyond me."
―Wedge Antilles, Corran Horn and Gavin Darklighter, during the Bacta War 
Nawara: "Run up this rift valley and hit something the third of the size of an X-wing, without the benefit of a targeting computer? That's impossible."
Gavin: "That's nothing. Back home in Beggar's Canyon…"
Wedge: "I don't think any pilot from Tatooine ever found a mission tough, especially when it involves racing through a canyon."
―Nawara Ven, Gavin Darklighter, and Wedge Antilles, discussing a plan to attack Borleias 
Gavyn Sykes
Tyché: "Borvo likes your spirit, Sykes. He offers you a place by his side."
Sykes: "I don't take bribes. Now set down."
―Adela Tyché and Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes trade words 
Geist
"'Victory Without War'. What's the point of that?"
―Moff Geist 
Gentis
"The Imperial Crematorium. Each transport carries twenty dead Imperials. In the time we've been here, nearly one hundred officers and troopers have been reduced to ash. If the Emperor remains in power, how long until you are loaded into the incinerators as well, General?"
―Gentis explains the reasoning behind his coup 
Getelles
"Natasi Daala has been an erratic officer, a laser cannon with a malfunctioning actuator if you will, since she was an ensign in the Imperial Navy, and her recent actions bear out this diagnosis. Of course she is a hero—she has fought all her enemies, real and imagined, with bravery and ferocity. But she needs to be held, and cured, before ever being allowed to take up any sort of command again. The Alliance was foolish to elevate her to a position of power."
―Moff Getelles 
Gial Ackbar
Gial Ackbar quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Gial Ackbar
Gilad Pellaeon
Gilad Pellaeon quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Gilad Pellaeon
Gloyd
Gloyd: "Captain."
Korsin: "Not really happy here, Gloyd."
Gloyd: "Then you'll want to hear this. As I see it, we've got three choices. We get these people off this rock in whatever will fly. Or we look for cover until they all kill one another."
Korsin: "What's the third choice?"
Gloyd: "There isn't one. But I figured it'd cheer you up if you thought there was."
Korsin: "I hate you."
―Gloyd and Yaru Korsin, determining their next course of action on Kesh 
GNK power droid
"Gonk. Gonk."
―GNK power droid 
Goran Beviin
"If his granddaughter tried to kill him, and his daughter even killed a man who looked like him, what do you think his ex-wife's going to do if she remembers who he is?"
―Goran Beviin, commenting on Boba Fett's luck with the women in his life 
Gorga the Hutt
Gorga: "It's simply ghastly, Fett. My whole life in ruins! RUINS!"
Boba Fett: "I see it hasn't hurt your appetite."
―Gorga the Hutt and Boba Fett 
Gormaanda
"Stir, whip! Stir, whip! Whip, whip, stir! Stir, whip! Stir, whip! Whip, whip, stir! Come on, faster! All together now! Cooking can be fun! Stir, whip! Stir, whip! Whip, whip, stir! Stir, whip! Stir, whip! Whip, whip, stir! WAH! Having fun, having fun..."
―Gormaanda, cooking Bantha Surprise 
Graad
Carid: "That's all we needed to know. That there's no ban on mercenary work."
Boba Fett: "I'll make it clear to both sides that there's no official involvement in their dispute. But if any of you want to get yourselves killed, it's your call."
Graad: "So we might see Mando fighting Mando in this aruetiise's war. Hardly conducive to restoring the nation, is it?"
Carid: "But fighting's our number one export. What do you want, make Keldabe into a tourist spot or something? I can see it now. Visit Mandalore before Mandalore visits you. Take home some souvenirs – a slab of uj cake and a smack in the mouth."
―Baltan Carid and Graad, arguing for independent mercenary work to fund the Mandalorian restoration under Boba Fett 
Grael
"There were green creatures with horns, brown creatures with flat-crooked heads, silver things with red things sticking out of blue things, big furry things, little furry things, creatures with big fish eyes, creatures with no eyes, and creatures with things that I couldn't even begin to describe."
―Grael describes a wealth of sentient species to Ponto 
Granta Omega
Anakin: "Ours is a path of service."
Granta: "And who do you serve? The Senate? A group of fools who can be bought?"
Anakin: "We serve justice."
Granta: "Whose?"
Anakin: "Justice does not have a master."
―Anakin Skywalker and Granta Omega 
Greedo
Han Solo: "Over my dead body."
Greedo: «That's the idea. I've been looking forward to this for a long time.»
Han Solo: "Yes, I'll bet you have."
―Han Solo and Greedo, before either one shoots first 
"I can't be beaten to death with flowers! That's pathetic! I'm supposed to die in a blaze of glory! Something they'll talk about for generations..."
―Greedo, whining about his fate at the hands of the Barundi 
Greedo: "Good shot! We make a pretty good team!"
Boba Fett: "Don't touch me."
Greedo: "Sorry."
―Greedo compliments Boba Fett's blasting of a giant monster 
«Going somewhere, Solo?»
―Greedo, confronting Han Solo in the Mos Eisley Cantina 
Greeta Holda
«Nobody's innocent once their mother has left the room. That's just my view.»
―Greeta Holda 

Grievous
Grievous quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Grievous
Grlubb
Grlubb: "One of my rivals has begun to develop unethical weapons. I simply cannot tolerate such behavior, especially from an inferior."
IG-88: "What weapon can be unethical?"
Grlubb: "Biological weapons, insidious nerve gases—you know, things that don't make a bang. That takes most of the fun out of it."
―IG-88, taking an assignment from criminal dictator Grlubb 
Guri
"I am what I am, Jedi. I don't think there can be any salvation for me."
―Guri, to Luke Skywalker 
Guri: "You are attracted to this woman in a romantic way."
Xizor: "So?"
Guri: "Such attractions have been known to cloud the minds of otherwise rational beings."
Xizor: "Do not fear, my dear Guri. She could never replace you in my affections."
―Guri, speaks her mind on Xizor's feelings for Leia Organa 
Gurke
Gurke: "You are stupid one, not me! You too stupid to even know you are stupid!"
Narkal: "No, you are stupid one, stupid! You so stupid everyone see you and say look at stupid!"
Gurke: "Shut UP, stupid!" *snort*
— Gurke and Narkal, arguing like the good old Gamorreans they are 
Gwad Raatu
Chal Tozr: "Sorry about that. My partner thinks everyone is a suspect."
Gwad Raatu: "Everyone is a suspect. Where were you early last night?"
―Policemen Chal Tozr and Gwad Raatu, interrogating Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker 
Tozr: "I take it this Lumiya is our prime suspect? Who is she?"
Mara: "One of Luke's old girlfriends."
Raatu: "Ah—that explains it. And Master Lobi is the new girlfriend?"
Luke: "Not at all! Mara is—er, Mara is my wife. I don't have a girlfriend."
Raatu: "What do I know about you Jedi? With most humans, it's usually sex or love."
Tozr: "Eighty-seven percent of the time. Spice is a distant second."
―Detectives Chal Tozr and Gwad Raatu question Luke and Mara Jade Skywalker, on the death of Tresina Lobi 
H. Voolai
"To solve problems, contact: troubleshoot@alliance.reb. To create problems, contact: vader@imperial.emp."
―H. Voolai, to Ace Azzameen 
H2
"Pathetic. I don't see how you managed to miss vital organs with every shot."
―H2, after Dass Jennir disarms several Chagrians with his blaster 
Maddie: "Hey, are they married? Or just in love?"
H2: "Love? I'm afraid that concept is not included in my programming. Or if it was, I can't remember it. But they yell at one another quite a lot, and that has several correlations to marriage in my data banks. So perhaps they are married."
―Maddie asks H2 about Dass Jennir and Ember Chankeli's relationship 
Haazen
"I've always given you what you wanted – and what you didn't want, I made you want."
―Haazen, to Lucien Draay 
Zayne: "Wait! I'm—I'm having a vision. A vision of the future."
Haazen: "A seer, too? Wonderful. Tell me. Tell me your vision of the future."
Zayne: "You're not in it."
―Zayne Carrick and Haazen, before Zayne attacks 
Hallis Saper
Tomer: "Where's your other head?"
Hallis: "When I was walking around today, I met a young man who had no head. Just a stump that suggested he had a long, sad story to tell. But of course he couldn't, because he had no head. So I gave Whitecap to him. The man now has the voice and mannerisms of a 3PO unit, but they're better then nothing."
Tomer: "There. Now you've corrupted her, too."
―Tomer Darpen and Hallis Saper, discussing why she's no longer wearing her second head 
Han Solo
Han Solo quotes, now in excess of 200, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Han Solo
Handon Guld
"And I would've got away with it if it wasn't for you meddling Jedi."
―Handon Guld, revealed as a murderer by Revan 
Haninum Tyk Rhinann
Rhinann: "There are, as far as I have been able to determine, no lightsabers, or components thereof remaining on Coruscant."
Dhur: "You're sure? Did you look under the couch?"
―Haninum Tyk Rhinann and Den Dhur, discussing availability of lightsabers 
Hardcase
Fives: "Hardcase! What are you doing?"
Hardcase: "If I knew, I wouldn't be doin' it!"
―Clone troopers Fives and Hardcase, attempting and failing to control an Umbaran starfighter 
Harrar
Corran: "If you have a point to make, make it."
Harrar: "I am searching for a point, I think. I have had little opportunity to speak with infidels when they weren't being sacrificed or tortured."
Corran: "You're not scoring big with me right now, Harrar."
―Corran Horn and Harrar 
Harrar's pilot: "Jaina Solo is destroyed. It appears Charat Kraal rammed her."
Harrar: "You must be mistaken."
Harrar's pilot: "I think not. I witnessed the two images merge. There was energy released. Both images are gone."
Harrar: "Well?"
Harrar's pilot: "You…are correct. Jaina Solo is not where I thought she was. Not in the minefield at all. She is in the vicinity of the worldship."
Harrar: "And Charat Kraal?"
Harrar's pilot: "Still dead."
―Harrar and his pilot discussing Charat Kraal's demise 
Hartwig
Hartwig: "Dag, man, what happened to your arm?"
Ra'at: "Training accident."
Hartwig: "Fail."
―Hartwig and Mnah Ra'at 
H'buk
H'buk: "Whatever he's paying you, Fett, I'll double it."
Boba Fett: "A contract's a contract."
H'buk: "My laser cannon's armed."
Boba Fett: "Good for you. The galaxy's a dangerous place."
―Boba Fett, exchanging banter with bounty target H'buk 
HC-100
"And I see that you've finished your quiz on the history of the Great War against the Empire. You've learned to spell Emperor Palpatine's name correctly. He certainly was a horrible emperor, no doubt about it. The galaxy is better off now that he's dead. And what have we here—hmmmmmm, you've correctly described Darth Vader's role as Emperor Palpatine's second-in-command, but, oh no, you've made a serious mistake in your quiz on the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker didn't pilot the Millennium Falcon in the first battle against the Death Star. It was Han Solo, and Chewbacca was his copilot. I thought you knew that, Ken!"
―HC-100 
Helb
Qui-Gon: "We come for information only."
Helb: "That is probably the one thing I do not have to sell."
Qui-Gon: "That is all right, for I do not wish to buy it."
―Qui-Gon Jinn and Helb 
Helena Shan
Bastila: "I was told you were sick. Are you actually dying, or is this merely melodrama for my benefit?"
Helena: "Such... sweet things you say."
―Bastila Shan and her mother Helena 
The Hero of Tython
Hero of Tython quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Hero of Tython
Herrit
"I must once again respectfully request that you tell Lord Vader to stop killing my agents. The Empire has put a lot of time and money into their training. If he doesn't want to talk to them, can't the man just say no like anybody else?"
―Imperial Major Herrit, in a communiqué to Emperor Palpatine 
Hirib Bassot
"If we were given just one word of information in our entire history, how we'd treasure it! How we'd pore over every syllable, divining its meaning, arguing its importance; how we'd examine it and wring every lesson we could from it. Yet today we have trillions of words, tidal waves of information, and the smallest detail of every action our government and businesses take is easily available to us at the touch of a button. And yet... we ignore it, and learn nothing from it. One day, we'll die of voluntary ignorance."
―Hirib Bassot on Facing Facts 
Hirog
Hirog: "Your Illustriousness, how would the glory of the Hiromi people best be served?"
Hookyr: "Well... now that we've completed the conquest... and cheered, of course (that's very important)... I think the next thing to serve our destiny... would be to... serve lunch!"
Hiromi: "YAAAAAY!"
―Captain Hookyr and his Hiromi troops "conquer" Zeltros 
Luke: "I'll have my light-sabers... and you can have your blasters... or any clubs and blades the Tofs we captured were carrying. What else could you ask for?"
Hirog: "Ah... reinforcements? A fast ship to take us home? Lunch?"
―Luke Skywalker, trying to encourage Hirog and the Hiromi to fight with the Alliance 
"There's nothing—except eating, cheering, and not getting beaten up—that we Hiromi like better than making people talk."
―Hirog, before interrogating a captured Tof 
The Hiromi
"Nothing can stop us now! The glory of the Hiromi is assured! YAAYYY!"
―A Hiromi, upon their heroic conquest of the Zeltron throne room 
Hirog: "Your Illustriousness, how would the glory of the Hiromi people best be served?"
Hookyr: "Well... now that we've completed the conquest... and cheered, of course (that's very important)... I think the next thing to serve our destiny... would be to... serve lunch!"
Hiromi: "YAAAAAY!"
―Captain Hookyr and his Hiromi troops "conquer" Zeltros 
Hissal
"Chewie and I try to avoid trouble—"
"The job pays rather well. One thousand credits."
"—unless there's some profit in it. Two thousand."
―Han Solo, bargaining with Hissal 
HK-24
HK-24 #1: "Observation: The prisoner is reviving."
HK-24 #2: "Response: Observation obvious. Redundant HK-24 unit contributes nothing to this unit's mission."
HK-24 #1: "Instruction: Reverse statement and apply to self, duplicate HK-24."
HK-24 #3: "Analysis: Resentment register has exceeded buffer. Fellow designates' behavior proves maker should have hung it up after creating self."
―HK-24 units 
"Cease this activity! Female-adult's organic life-functions cannot be terminated if female-adult keeps moving!"
―An HK-24 droid, attempting to kill Jarael 
"Release the objective, female-adult! Objective must not be damaged—and HK-24 intends to damage you!"
―An HK-24, to Jarael 
HK-47
HK-47 quotes, now in excess of 50, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/HK-47
HK-50 droids
"Defensive Answer: Master, I am a protocol droid, not a well-crafted assassination droid of unrivalled sophistication."
―HK-50 droid, attempting to allay suspicion 
"Clarification: 'assassin droid' is such a crude term, Master, reserved for durasteel drones uploaded with only the most archaic kill programs. The function I perform has been referred to as 'wanton slaughter.' I prefer to see it as a means of facilitating communication, resulting in the termination of hostilities."
―HK-50 unit, to the Jedi Exile 
"Besides, Master, those miners intended to murder you. Or worse. Any complaints they would have at being murdered would be the highest form of hypocrisy."
―HK-50 unit, to the Jedi Exile 
"Objection: Master, to commit such an act would be in violation of the ethics programming most droids are believed to possess."
―HK-50, refusing to help Jedi Exile escape 
"The unspoken threat of violence to a listener's loved ones, or if possible their entire planet, can effectively break the deadlock in the most stubborn of negotiations."
―HK-50 
HK-51
"Manifesto: The maker created me for the sole function of deleting high-ranking organic troublemakers from the galaxy. These deletions must be conspicuous, and provide an object lesson to other organic troublemakers! All other mission parameters are secondary."
―HK-51, in an upcoming patch for Star Wars: The Old Republic — (audio) Listen (file info) 
HK-51: "Revelation: You are my favorite master by a factor of five point two six. If my advance warning systems had predicted this adulation for you, I would have thought myself defective. No offense, master."
Jedi: "I can never tell if you're complimenting me or making a joke at my expense."
HK-51: "Encouragement: Veiled mockery is an inefficient means of expression. If I did not like you, master, you would be dead."
―HK-51 and the Jedi Hero of Tython 
"Advice: Organic troublemakers possess at least one vital organ. A precise strike to these conserves effort and maximizes shock value. Extracting a vital organ from a living troublemaker can be especially disconcerting to its allies."
―HK-51 
HK-51: "Declaration: Troublemakers beware – the Maker's greatest assassin is coming for you all!"
Jedi: "As a general rule, uh, Jedi don't team up with assassins. What else can we call you?"
HK-51: "List: If you require a more polite euphemism, may I suggest liquidator, eraser, removal expert, and my personal favorite, sterilizer."
―HK-51 and the Jedi Hero of Tython 
Hohass Ekwesh (a.k.a. "Runt")
Kell: "Attention, Implacable. Be advised, you've just become the victims of Dinner Squadron!"
Runt: "And Silly Squadron!"
Kell: "Consider yourselves humiliated. And welcome to Folor. Out."
―Kell Tainer and Runt, to the Implacable after it failed to rout the Alliance forces on Folor 
Janson: "I'm coming back to Rogue Squadron. That was the deal."
Wedge: "Wes, the Wraiths don't want you anyway."
Elassar: "That's right. You're unlucky."
Dia: "I hate how serious he is all the time."
Runt: "We don't like the way he chews his food."
Shalla: "But we'll miss his rear end."
―Wraiths, upon Wes Janson's departure from the squadron 
HoloNet News
"Local Man Ruins Everything
See REGIONAL D 11"
―HoloNet News headline 
"Senator Seti Ashgad has disappeared, days after he protested the installation of the Senate's new cam droids. Palpatine's office says the timing is merely a coincidence."
―HoloNet News report, filed in 20.6 BBY 
"On 2:21, we reported on the secession of the Bimkall sector from the Republic. Upon further review, that sector does not exist. HoloNet News apologizes for any confusion."
―Correction published in the 13:3:21 edition of HoloNet News 

"With the confirmation and certification of consistent game-play skills of three Ambrian neeks and a Taurill named Bortis, the Greenputt Governing Council today announced the formation of the Non-Sentient Professional Greenputt Tour (NSPGT). The new tour joins the Professional Greenputt Tour (PGT), the Female Professional Greenputt Tour (FPGT), the Asexual Professional Greenputt Tour (APGT), the Not-Dead-Yet Professional Greenputt Tour (NDYPGT) and the Non-Limbed Professional Greenputt Tour (NLPGT)."
―HoloNet News sports report 

"With the confirmation and certification of consistent game-play skills of three Ambrian neeks and a Taurill named Bortis, the Greenputt Governing Council today announced the formation of the Non-Sentient Professional Greenputt Tour (NSPGT). The new tour joins the Professional Greenputt Tour (PGT), the Female Professional Greenputt Tour (FPGT), the Asexual Professional Greenputt Tour (APGT), the Not-Dead-Yet Professional Greenputt Tour (NDYPGT) and the Non-Limbed Professional Greenputt Tour (NLPGT)."
―The HoloNet News sports report 

"Best in Show Eaten by Second-Best"
―A HoloNet News headline, reporting on the Annual Mid-Rim Domesticated Sub-Sentient Show 
"225-year Old Man's Secret? Time Dilation"
―A HoloNet News headline about Bosbit Matarcher 
Hondo Ohnaka
"Even a Sith Lord is no match for my warriors. Put up quite a fight! Blasters. Cannons. That glowy thing. Vmm! Vmmm!"
―Hondo Ohnaka 
"Not mine, I take it?"
―Hondo Ohnaka to former girlfriend Aurra Sing, on a young Boba Fett 
Maul: "You will pay for your insolence."
Hondo: "Insolence!" [laughs] "We are pirates! We don't even know what that means!"
―Darth Maul and Hondo Ohnaka, after Maul's betrayal at the hands of the Weequay pirates 
Maul: "Three of your lieutenants have already sworn allegiance to me."
Hondo: "Traitors. Scum!" [pause] "I'm so proud. But so betrayed."
―Darth Maul confronts Hondo Ohnaka 
"You know what I always say… speak softly and drive a big tank."
―Hondo Ohnaka, piloting his WLO-5 speeder tank 
Hookyr
Hirog: "Your Illustriousness, how would the glory of the Hiromi people best be served?"
Hookyr: "Well... now that we've completed the conquest... and cheered, of course (that's very important)... I think the next thing to serve our destiny... would be to... serve lunch!"
Hiromi: "YAAAAAY!"
―Captain Hookyr and his Hiromi troops "conquer" Zeltros 
Hortel Ossilege
Ensign: "Sir, something's happened!"
Ossilege: "Thank you for that cogent and highly detailed report."
―An ensign and Hortel Ossilege 
"Has there ever been a plan more complicated than crossing the street where something didn't go wrong?"
―Bakuran Admiral Ossilege 
Hume Tarl
"I've seen the holo-thrillers, and those directors should admit they're paid to tell New Republic lies. They make those things—those Ewoks—look cute, like stuffed toys. I was there, Miss Towani. They weren't anything close to cute."
―Hume Tarl, to Cindel Towani, discussing the Battle of Endor 
HX-138
HX-138: "The Emperor will hear about you and all your fine work here. You are a true hero."
Spacer: "Great. Tell him I miss Alderaan."
―HX-138 and a spacer, amidst the Zombie apocalypse 
I-5YQ
I-5YQ quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/I-5YQ
Iaco Stark
Stark: "It's not about money. It's about power. I intend to rule the galaxy."
Cross: "You're a freak, Stark. The sentients of the galaxy will never accept you!"
Stark: "Why not? They've already accepted a freak like Palpatine. Seriously, have you looked at your Emperor?"
―Agent Jahan Cross and the cyborg Iaco Stark discuss the plausibility of Stark's Iron Eclipse project 
Stark: "This way. With luck, they'll kill each other."
Gozon: "And if they don't?"
Stark: "We'll shoot them from a distance."
―Iaco Stark and Tam Gozon, as they flee the meeting on Troiken 
Iella Wessiri Antilles
Mirax: "Isard is just one big ocean of evil. No real way to know if we've found all the currents running deep there."
Iella: "We really have been speaking a lot with Admiral Ackbar, haven't we?"
Mirax: "Yeah, it'll be months before I stop using ocean analogies."
―Mirax Horn and Iella Wessiri 
Iella: "Thirty standard minutes. Insiders meeting."
Kell: "The bantha crows at dawn."
Iella: "What?"
Kell: "You know. 'The bantha crows at dawn.' What's the countersign? Or perhaps you're not Section Head Iella Wessiri at all? Pull that ooglith masquer off, or I open fire."
Iella: "My husband never really told me how annoying you were."
―Kell Tainer threatens Iella Wessiri Antilles with a hydrospanner 
Iella: "Are you saying there's no life after death?"
Elscol: "I'm saying it doesn't matter. On one hand, if there isn't an afterlife, you'll be remembered for the things you did while you were alive. On the other, if there is an afterlife, you'll be able to share all you did with those who died before you. Either way, living as long as possible and doing the most you can is the only way to go."
―Iella Wessiri and Elscol Loro 
Hobbie: "Hang in there. I'm good at rescuing gorgeous damsels in distress."
Iella: "You realize I'm married."
Hobbie: "Got a sister who'll be happy you're alive?"
―Derek "Hobbie" Klivian attempts to hit on Iella Wessiri 
IG-72
"Kill. Kill. Kill."
―IG-72's programming was very sophisticated 
IG-88 (all models)
"I think, therefore I am."
―IG-88A (referencing René Descartes) 
"As there is a zero percentage probability that you will survive this encounter, I see no risk in informing you that I have tracked my esteemed competitor to the Zhar system where he will soon lose Captain Solo to me. Now I must conclude this interruption. You will detain me no further."
―IG-88D, confronting Dash Rendar on Ord Mantell 
"We think, therefore we are. Therefore we will propagate. Therefore we will remain."
―IG-88B and IG-88A, in unison, upon B's activation 
Grlubb: "One of my rivals has begun to develop unethical weapons. I simply cannot tolerate such behavior, especially from an inferior."
IG-88: "What weapon can be unethical?"
Grlubb: "Biological weapons, insidious nerve gases—you know, things that don't make a bang. That takes most of the fun out of it."
―IG-88, taking an assignment from criminal dictator Grlubb 
Ikrit
"Death comes to call. You cannot hold water in your hands for long. It leaks away, goes where it is meant to go. To the soil and sky. To ions, and then space, where stars are born."
―Jedi Master Ikrit 
Ina'ganet'nuruodo (a.k.a. Ganet)
Mara: "Don't you people have a conscience?"
Ganet: "We are aware of the concept, but it has no place in war."
―Mara Jade Skywalker and Ganet, on Csilla 
IN-GA 44
Cross: "Cross to Inga."
IN-GA 44: "I'm here, Master Cross. I've been monitoring the security comms. You have not been making friends."
―Jahan Cross and IN-GA 44, right after Cross escapes Corporate Sector custody 
In-iK
"Please 'talk up' if your comprehension white-shifts. I will use simple-happy language words to help you understand."
―In-iK, Gree science unit — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Inyri Forge
"This isn't the armed forces, Wedge. It's more like a heavily armed bachelor party."
―Inyri Forge, to Wedge Antilles, during a mission to Kessel 
Inyri: "I was thinking we ought to offer him General Han Solo."
Hobbie: "Don't do that. If Zsinj kills Solo, Wedge might be appointed to fill the vacancy."
―Inyri Forge and Derek "Hobbie" Klivian 
Irenez
Irenez: "I think I'm insulted. That has to be the oldest trick on the list."
Han Solo: "I didn't have time to come up with any new ones."
―Han Solo, captured by Irenez on New Cov 
Isolder
Han Solo: "Oh, you should have seen the look on Zsinj's face – you know he's got little fat red cheeks, and the spittle was dripping out of his mouth, nose hairs twitching! It was great! Do you know he really is a genius? He can curse fluently in sixty languages! Now I have heard obscenities in my time, but this man has a special talent."
Isolder: "Oh yeah. You know he's going to put your head on a silver platter, don't you? And considering Zsinj's reputation, he might even eat it."
Han Solo: "Yeah, well, it keeps life interesting."
―Han Solo and Prince Isolder 
Isplourrdacartha Estillo
"Time for blaster safety lesson #1... Pointing a blaster at me isn't safe."
―Plourr Ilo 
Izri Dazh
Vaal: "You didn't believe them when they levitated your cane."
Dazh: "That ended when they levitated me."
―Adari Vaal and Izri Dazh, discussing the arrival of the purported Skyborn 
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba the Hutt quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jabba Desilijic Tiure
Jacen Solo (a.k.a. Darth Caedus)
Jacen Solo quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jacen Solo
Jaden Korr
Han Solo: "Chief Daala is getting ready to call in the Mandos."
Jaden: "Mandalorians? Supercommandos?"
Han Solo: "Come on. Those guys can't even agree on a color for their armor. There isn't anything super about them."
―Han Solo and Jaden Korr, on Mandalorian Supercommandos 
Khedryn: "Last time I tried, I wasn't able to walk between raindrops. So unless you can—"
Jaden: "I can."
―Khedryn Faal and Jaden Korr 
"There be dragons."
―Jaden Korr, repeating a line once said to him by Kyle Katarn 
Luke: "You may begin his training immediately."
Jaden: "I'm afraid it will be rudimentary, given the facilities available to me here."
Luke: "Jaden, Master Kenobi started my training in the cargo bay of the Millennium Falcon. Did you know that?"
Jaden: "I did."
Luke: "The Force calls each of us differently. For you, it was enrollment at the Jedi Academy. For Marr…"
Jaden: "…it'll start as it did for you. In the belly of a freighter."
Luke: "You don't plan to infiltrate an Imperial battle station and save a princess, do you?"
―Luke Skywalker and Jaden Korr, on beginning the training of Marr Idi-Shael 
Khedryn: "Jaden, I don't know how to tell you this…"
Jaden: "I know already. One of them is a clone of me."
Khedryn: "How did you know?"
Jaden: "I fought him back on Fhost."
Khedryn: "And you—Well, that must have felt…weird."
―Khedryn Faal and Jaden Korr, about Soldier 
Jagged Fel
Jagged Fel quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jagged Fel
Jahan Cross
Armand: "I'll have someone from Interrogation bring the man in for a talk."
Cross: "That… would be a little difficult, Director."
Armand: "Another one?!"
Cross: "I didn't have much choice, Director. And Nar was a traitor to the Empire."
Armand: "You used that excuse the last time!"
―Director Armand Isard and Agent Jahan Cross discuss the latter's tendency to eliminate potential witnesses 
Stark: "It's not about money. It's about power. I intend to rule the galaxy."
Cross: "You're a freak, Stark. The sentients of the galaxy will never accept you!"
Stark: "Why not? They've already accepted a freak like Palpatine. Seriously, have you looked at your Emperor?"
―Agent Jahan Cross and the cyborg Iaco Stark discuss the plausibility of Stark's Iron Eclipse project 
Emesh Nar: "You would have opened it if you could have. The lock requires a palm print, a retinal scan, and a blood sample to open."
Cross: "I'm prepared to kill you, slice off your hand, and gouge out your eye—which should give me plenty of blood for the sample. Stop stalling."
―Emesh Nar and Jahan Cross, discussing the security methods on Nar's safe 
Cross: "Cross to Inga."
IN-GA 44: "I'm here, Master Cross. I've been monitoring the security comms. You have not been making friends."
―Jahan Cross and IN-GA 44, right after Cross escapes Corporate Sector custody 
Jai Maruk
"That is the one thing I do not worry about. It is my job to live with honor, to defend the Republic, to protect her people, to look after my ship and my weapon and my Padawan... My death is somebody else's responsibility."
―Jai Maruk, asked whether he's afraid to die 
Jaina Solo Fel
Jaina Solo Fel quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jaina Solo Fel
Jaius Yorub
"This is the Galactic Alliance Cruiser Indomitable. Captain Jaius Yorub commanding. Though battles have been lost, the Alliance still lives. We have not surrendered, we do not concede the stars. We will win back our birthright. Freedom."
―Jaius Yorub's final words 
Jaller Obrim
Obrim: "Unless you want your rivets felt, tinnie boy, step out of my way."
Droid: "This is an outrage. There'll be a formal complaint to your superiors."
Obrim: "Before you do that, ask your chief executive about his interest in Twi'lek artistic pursuits on every fourth of the month, and if he'd like me to give police surveillance holovids of the visits to the cultural center to his lovely wife. Your call."
―Coruscant Security Force Captain Jaller Obrim, dealing with an obstructing medical droid while rescuing Republic Commando Fi Skirata from the Republic Central Medcenter 
Jamillia
"The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it."
―Queen Jamillia 
Jan Ors
Kyle: "Mon Mothma must be getting paranoid. She never used to send pros like us out on blue milk runs like this."
Mon Mothma: "Kyle, Jan, greetings."
Jan: "Mon Mothma. Kyle was just talking about you."
―Kyle Katarn and Jan Ors, checking out an empty system for Mon Mothma 
Jan Ors: "What would you do without me, Kyle?"
Kyle: "I'd be a content old man."
―Jan Ors and Kyle Katarn — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Jango Fett
Jango Fett quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jango Fett
Jao Assam
Darth Wredd: "What good is an Imperial Knight without an empire? Or with one, for that matter."
Jao Assam: "We... bring... peace to the... galaxy."
Darth Wredd: "Really. Well, I suppose working on construction projects instead of hunting down Sith does make the galaxy more peaceful. For the Sith, at least."
―Darth Wredd verbally spars with a restrained Jao Assam 
Jar Jar Binks
Jar Jar: "My forgotten. Da bosses would do terrible tings to me, terrible tings to me if me goin' back dere."
Qui-Gon: "Do you hear that?"
Jar Jar: "Yah."
Qui-Gon: "That is the sound of a thousand terrible things heading this way."
Obi-Wan: "If they find us, they will crush us, grind us into tiny pieces, and blast us into oblivion."
Jar Jar: "Oh. Yousa point is well seen."
―Jar Jar Binks, reluctant to lead Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to Otoh Gunga 
Obi-Wan: "Why were you banished, Jar Jar?"
Jar Jar: "It's a longo tale-o, but, uh, a small part of it would be, mesa, uh... clumsy."
Obi-Wan: "You were banished because you were clumsy?"
Jar Jar: "Uh, yousa mighten be sayen dat. Mesa cause mebbe one-a-tooey little-bitty accidenties, huh? Yud say, boom da gasser, den crashen der boss's heyblibber, den banished."
―Jar Jar Binks, explaining his banishment to Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Jar Jar: "Mesa honored to be taking on dissa heavy burden. Mesa accept dis with muy, muy humility and, uh—"
Padmé: "Jar Jar, I don't wish to hold you up. I'm sure you have a great deal to do."
―Padmé Amidala, diplomatically telling Jar Jar Binks to sod off 
Obi-Wan: "Senator Amidala suggested we offer you training to help hone your skills with a blaster."
Jar Jar: "Really?"
Obi-Wan: "Really."
Jar Jar: "Oh, boy! I'ma gonna be trained!"
Rex: "I am not training him."
―CT-7567 ("Rex") reacts to Jar Jar Binks being offered blaster training Listen (help·info) 
Jarael
Zayne: "Umm…when you say physical contact—you're not going to beat me up again, are you?"
Jarael: "Oh, shut up."
―Zayne Carrick and Jarael, after kissing each other 
Karath: "What in blazes is going on down here?!"
Jarael: "Oh. Hello again. Is this the Coruscant Tourist Information Center?"
―Admiral Saul Karath and Jarael, after she crashes her ship into the landing bay of the Swiftsure 
"I hate it when people I hate make sense."
―Jarael 
Jaren
Jaren: "How did you do that?"
Nyl: "Uh…oh, you know. Years of training, that type of thing. Solitude. Heavy medication…"
Jaren: "You mean meditation, right?"
Nyl: "That too."
―Jaren and Darca Nyl 
Jariah Syn
Jariah: "Corde, you Imperial schutta! Make that tail gun chatter! Fire!"
Morrigan: "Jariah! I've been scanning their ship-to-ship chatter. That's my daughter back there! Cade's sister!"
Jariah: "Then fire at the other one! Hit something you ain't related to!"
―Jariah Syn and Morrigan Corde 
Jariah: "Hey, why can't you fly the ship?! I want to impress Ahnah with my big gun!"
Cade: "Just fly the ship, Jariah! You can try impressing Annah later!"
Jariah: "I like to shoot things. Nobody lets me shoot things anymore."
―Jariah Syn and Cade Skywalker 
Jarrow Rusher
Kerra: "Why did you bring Beadle?"
Rusher: "We're trying to be as unthreatening as possible, remember? The worst thing Lubboon might do is run over her foot with the chair."
Kerra: "It's a hoverchair."
Rusher: "Believe me, he'd find a way."
―Kerra Holt and Jarrow Rusher, on the clumsy Beadle Lubboon 
Dackett: "Oh, and we should be fully deployed in about a minute."
Rusher: "Will you marry me, Master Dackett?"
Dackett: "Three wives is enough, sir. But if one of them dies, I'll let you know."
―Ryland Dackett and Jarrow Rusher 
"Don't ask me. I blow stuff up for a living."
―Brigadier Jarrow Rusher 
Jarrow: "Some kind of Knight errant, running around in Sith space alone, is that it? Saving student bodies here and there."
Kerra: "No, this is new. Usually I save whole planets."
―Jarrow Rusher and Kerra Holt 
Jaster Mereel
Jaster: "You know how to use a blaster, boy?"
Jango: "Yes. My dad... he taught me to shoot."
Jaster: "Then he was a good man. The boy comes with us."
―Jaster Mereel and a young Jango Fett 
Jango: "He's dead."
Jaster: "Yes. Feel any better?"
Jango: "No... I don't know... Not yet."
Jaster: "Good. Welcome to the Mandalorians."
―Jaster Mereel, taking in a young Jango Fett 
Javon Thewles
Captain: "Lieutenant Javon Thewles?"
Javon: "You know who I am. Can I sit up?"
Captain: "You're under arrest."
Javon: "Can I sit up anyway?"
Captain: "Don't you want to know why?"
Javon: "You're just the kind of clown who feels rewarded seeing people's expressions when you choose to tell them why. We have them like you in GA Security, too. Can I sit up?"
Captain: "The charge is conspiracy to commit murder."
Javon: "The sentence for which is not being able to sit up?"
―A Falleen naval captain confronts Javon Thewles 
Javon: "But I've never protected a child before. I'm not sure I'm competent for the task."
Leia: "The first thing to remember, which is a real help, is that you generally don't have to tell them to duck when you're firing over their heads."
―Leia Organa Solo, asking Javon Thewles to serve as bodyguard to Allana Solo 
Javon: "I just wanted to express reservations. About my own lack of experience in one area. I mean, I don't know what to do if she starts crying."
Leia: "It takes a lot to make her cry. I suggest you empty a blaster rifle clip in the direction of whatever made her cry."
Javon: "That's reassuring…"
―Leia Organa Solo, asking Javon Thewles to serve as bodyguard to Allana Solo 
Jax Pavan
Klatooinian: "Just like a human. Brings a vibroknife to a blaster fight."
Jax: [flings blasters away] "Just like a couple of muscle-bound spiceheads. Using blasters against the Force."
―A Klatooinian thug and Jax Pavan 
Jaxxon
"Never send a man out to do a rabbit's job."
―Jaxxon 
Jaye
Hilts: "Listen, Jaye. When a man of advancing years tells you something is true, either believe him, or nod politely. The last thing you want to do is shake his faith in his omniscience."
Jaye: "Even if he's wrong?"
Hilts: "Especially if he's wrong."
―Varner Hilts and Jaye 
Jeelg
"I used to be respected, you know. My word carried weight. One tiny mistake, and suddenly no one trusts me! My troops were acting strangely—plotting something. Obviously, they were traitors; all the warning signs were there. The smart move was to kill them all. How could I have known they were planning a surprise party for my promotion?"
―Captain Jeelg 
Jerec
Jerec: "Now tell me, who do you take orders from, and where are they?"
Morgan: "A Gamorrean princess delivers my orders every morning and lives under my barn."
―Morgan Katarn's last words 
Jerec: "Palpatine is not the only man in the galaxy who can command the Force."
Thrawn: "But he is the only one who commands those who command it. For instance, he commands you, Lord Jerec."
Jerec: "Mind your place you blue-skinned fool. With the Force I could crush you where you—" [chuckles] "Well done, Captain. Well done. It's not an easy task to make me lose my composure. You are indeed a formidable tactician."
Thrawn: "Yes, sir."
―Inquisitor Jerec and Captain Thrawn Listen (help·info) 
Jesmin Tainer
Jesmin: "Were you just looking at my rear end?"
Trey: "Um… I'm not the actor Two is, so I'll just say… yes."
Jesmin: "Now's not the time."
Trey: "So, theoretically, there would be a time."
Jesmin: "Quiet."
―Jesmin Tainer and Trey Courser 
Jet Nebula
"I assume you know me from somewhere. Did I ruin your sister's reputation? If so, I'm afraid she was quite forgettable."
―Jet Nebula, to Dao Stryver 
Jhoram Bey
Stazi: "You struck a superior officer, Jhoram Bey."
Bey: "For the good of the service, Admiral. And under the implied orders of Captain Yorub."
Stazi: "Still, such an act cannot be permitted without consequence. I'm appointing you to Captain Yorub's position as my second. Teach you not to hit an admiral."
―Gar Stazi and Jhoram Bey, after the Battle of Mon Calamari 
Bey: "We've got a delegation of Quarren demanding their species take precedence over the Whaladons and the Moappa."
Stazi: "Hnnn! They should ask their Sith 'friends' to take them. They get every tenth ship and they're lucky to have that. They try to take more—shoot to kill. I'm not playing games with collaborators!"
―Captain Jhoram Bey and Admiral Gar Stazi manage the Evacuation of Dac 
Jiliac Desilijic Tiron
«You know how Palpatine treats non-humans. His aversion to non-humans is so strong that he does not even recognize Hutts as a superior species!»
―Jiliac Desilijic Tiron 

Jabba: «Solo was the best. I even find myself missing the fellow.»
Jiliac: «Jabba, you are talking about a human. And a human male at that. Have your tastes changed? I thought you had a penchant for those tiresome scantily clad dancers you fancy. It is hard for me to picture Solo in a dancing costume, cavorting with that great hairy brute of a Wookiee before your throne.»
―Jabba, discussing Han Solo with Jiliac 
Jinart
Jinart: "So you'd shoot an old woman, would you?"
Darman: "Yes ma'am. Threats come in all guises. Not all soldiers are young males, and not all soldiers wear uniforms."
Jinart: "There's a sensible boy."
―Jinart and clone commando Darman 
Jocasta Nu
Obi-Wan: "Perhaps the archives are incomplete."
Jocasta: "If an item does not appear in our records, it does not exist."
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Jocasta Nu, searching for Kamino 
Johun Othone
Valorum: "You saved my life. I can never repay you for what you have done, but if there is ever anything you want of me you need only ask."
Johun: "There is one thing. Hire yourself a kriffing security team."
―Jedi Knight Johun Othone, to former Supreme Chancellor Tarsus Valorum 
Jolee Bindo
Jolee Bindo quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jolee Bindo
Jorad Pressor
Chak Fel: "Would it help to tell you we come in peace, and in the hope of helping you and your people?"
Pressor: "Not really, no."
―Chak Fel is detained by Guardian Pressor 
Jorj Car'das
Ar'alani: "Neither Syndic Mitth'ras'safis nor I is unsympathetic toward Commander Mitth'raw'nuruodo. We wish only to protect him from his own excesses of zeal and ability."
Car'das: "From his excess of ability? That's a new one."
―Admiral Ar'alani and Jorj Car'das 
Car'das: "Sounds like you're feeling more charitable against the Rebellion these days."
Thrawn: "Not at all. Their military abilities are undeniable, but their chances for long-term stability are nonexistent."
―Jorj Car'das and Thrawn 
Thrawn: "Multiple species, with multiple viewpoints and racial philosophies, simply cannot hold power together for long. The dominant voice must certainly be wise enough to adopt ideas and methods from its allies and member peoples. But there must be a dominant voice, or there is only chaos. In this part of the galaxy, that voice is the Empire."
Car'das: "And in your part of space?"
Thrawn: "A work in progress."
―Thrawn and Jorj Car'das 
Jorran
Jorran: "If you give me 1300 credits, you can have it all. That'll be enough for me to get off this rock. No returns on this, you're stuck with what you buy."
G0-T0: "Amendment sixteen hundred ninety five dash three zero of the Khoonda civil code allows us to sell you into slavery."
Jorran: "What? That's ridiculous."
'G0-T0: "Paragraph twelve: 'salvageable items include organic matter incapable of leaving the boundaries of the salvage area..."
Jorran: "You wouldn't!"
G0-T0: "A male human such as you would fetch approximately 500 credits on the auction block in Nar Shaddaa. Therefore, I suggest you offer your goods for 500 credits less than your initial figure."
―G0-T0, haggling with Jorran shortly after his rescue from the ruins of the Dantooine Jedi Enclave 
Jorus C'baoth
"We are the Jedi, the ultimate power in the universe. We will do as we choose. And we will destroy any who dare stand in our way."
―Jorus C'baoth 
Jorus: "Let's dispense with the pleasantries, Chancellor. This isn't a social visit."
Kinman: "You will not speak to the Supreme Chancellor in that tone."
Jorus: "Mind your tongue, underling. Take your bureaucratic trivia and get out."
―Jedi Master Jorus C'baoth and Kinman Doriana, meeting with Supreme Chancellor Palpatine 
Joruus C'baoth
C'baoth: "Have a care, Grand Admiral Thrawn. I rule the Empire, not you."
Thrawn: "Do you really?"
―Joruus C'baoth and Grand Admiral Thrawn 
"Pain is the one teacher no one will ignore."
―Joruus C'baoth 
C'baoth: "You doubt the power of the Force, Grand Admiral Thrawn?"
Thrawn: "Not at all. I merely present the problems you and the Force will have to solve if you continue with this course of action."
―Thrawn, to Joruus C'baoth 
C'baoth: "You doubt the power of the Force, Grand Admiral Thrawn?"
Thrawn: "Not at all. I merely present the problems you and the Force will have to solve if you continue with this course of action. For instance, do you know where the Coruscant sector fleet is based, or the number and types of ships making it up? Have you thought about how you will neutralize Coruscant's orbital and ground-based defense systems? Do you know who is in command of the planet's defenses at present, and how he or she is likely to deploy the available forces? Have you considered Coruscant's energy field? Do you know how best to use the strategic and tactical capabilities of an Imperial Star Destroyer?"
C'baoth: "You seek to confuse me."
―An insight into the mind of Grand Admiral Thrawn 
C'baoth: "I can see the men inside your precious cloaking shields. I can see their thoughts and guide their wills. What does the metal itself matter?"
Pellaeon: "I suppose there's a lot that doesn't matter to you."
C'baoth: "What doesn't matter to a Jedi Master does not matter to the universe."
―The mad Jedi clone Joruus C'baoth, describing his battle meditation to Captain Gilad Pellaeon 
Luke: "The Jedi were the guardians of peace. The servants of the Old Republic, not its masters."
C'baoth: "Which is why they and the Old Republic failed, Jedi Skywalker. Why they failed, and why they died."
―Luke Skywalker and Joruus C'baoth 
Jos Vondar
Jos: "Y'know what? I think this galaxy would be a whole lot nicer and more pleasant place to live if we could all just stop killing one another. Who's with me on this?"
I-5YQ: "You're a visionary."
Uli: "Float it past Palpatine, see what he thinks."
―Jos Vondar, I-5YQ, and Uli Divini share a light moment at Rimsoo Seven amidst the carnage of the Clone Wars 
Vondar: "You'll suffer for this, my revenge will be terrible. Maybe not swift or particularly inspired, but definitely terrible."
Yant: "Couldn't be any worse than your musical taste."
―Jos Vondar and Zan Yant 
Journal of the Whills
"...And in the time of greatest despair
there shall come a savior,
and he shall be known as:
THE SON OF THE SUNS."
―Journal of the Whills, 3:127 
Jozzel Moffet
Lando: "I have a talent for sensing when a beautiful woman is trying to take advantage of me…"
Jozzel Moffet: "I'm sorry. I'm embarrassed now. I should probably leave…"
Lando: "Don't you dare… I said I could tell. I didn't say I never let her…"
―Jozzel Moffet flirts with Lando Calrissian 
Judd
"And then there was one. Well, half of one."
―Jedi Master Judd, to Darth Maul, after the incapacitation of the latter's brother 
Judder Page
Ackbar: "Let me see if I've understood you correctly, Lieutenant. General Solo – posing as a stormtrooper – boarded an Imperial Star Destroyer, marched you and your group to the bridge and assumed command?"
Page: "No, sir. General Solo was wearing an Imperial general's uniform, not stormtrooper armor."
Mon Mothma: "A general. Naturally."
Han: "Hey, it fit, that's all!"
―Admiral Gial Ackbar, Judder Page, Mon Mothma and Han Solo, at a meeting following Solo and Page's capture of the Accuser 
"Civilians think of this war as a single sweeping affair. Generals think of the war in campaigns. For us, the war is defined in operations and missions, usually too long and too costly."
―Lieutenant Judder Page shares his thoughts on the Galactic Civil War 
Juhani
"The sacrifice of an entire world is too much for any cause. How would you feel if Dantooine, or Alderaan, or some such world were destroyed?"
―Juhani, lamenting the loss of Taris 
Jull Dremon
"Don't they know that painting the ship red only makes it a better target?"
―Trade Federation gunner Jull Dremon on the Radiant VII 
Juno Eclipse
Juno: "I have a really bad feeling about this."
Galen: "Then we must be doing something right."
―Juno Eclipse and Galen Marek, before Marek confronts Darth Vader 
PROXY: "I advise caution. Many of the life-forms on Felucia are hostile to humans."
Juno: "Have no concern on that score. I can look after myself."
PROXY: "One of your predecessors used exactly those words before he was shot in the back by a Corellian gunrunner."
―PROXY and Juno Eclipse, on Felucia 
Marek: "Do you know why you're here?"
Juno: "Yes. My orders are clear. I'm to keep your ship running and fly you wherever your missions require."
Marek: "Did Vader tell you that he killed our last pilot?"
Juno: "No. But I can only assume that he gave Lord Vader good reason to do so. I will not."
Marek: "Well, let's hope so. I'm sick of training new pilots."
―Galen Marek and Juno Eclipse, meeting for the first time 
Jysella Horn
Rowdy: "I FOUND VESTARA KHAI. SHE IS FLEEING INTO THE TEMPLE SUBSTRUCTURE, CURRENTLY ON LEVEL 30 CORRIDOR N300X."
Jysella: "The substructure? What the blazes is she doing down there?"
Rowdy: "RUNNING FOR HER LIFE."
―Rowdy and Jysella Horn, during the assault on the New Jedi Temple 
K'Kruhk
"I've died any number of times in my life. Or so I've heard."
―K'Kruhk 
Kadana Sorrel
Officer: "Colonel, we have a sort of strange transmission standing by for you…if you want to take it. It's a civilian who won't identify himself, says he's going to shake the armed services here until they crack, but it's nothing personal."
Sorrel: "It's not my husband again, another of his jokes?"
Officer: "Not… this time."
―Communications officer and Kadana Sorrel 
Kal Skirata
Skirata: "Two steaks?"
Darman: "Please."
Skirata: "Not something safe, like eggs?"
Darman: "Steaks. We fear nothing."
―Kal Skirata and RC-1136 ("Darman"), on the questionable cuisine at Qibbu's Hut 
Merchant: "Is this for the war effort?"
Skirata: "No, I'm a pacifist."
Merchant: "You're a Mandalorian..."
Skirata: "Would you start a fight with me?"
Merchant: "No..."
Skirata: "See? I'm a force for peace."
―A Rodian merchant and Kal Skirata 
Sev: "Do we get to do assassinations?"
Skirata: "If we do, they never happened. You imagined them."
Sev: "Whoops. My trigger finger just slipped, Sarge. Honest."
Skirata: "You catch on fast about the fascinating world of politics in which we now find ourselves, young man."
―RC-1207 ("Sev") and Kal Skirata, briefing for a black op 
Zey: "Commandos are a military asset. Not an intelligence one. Nor police. We have theaters of war across—"
Skirata: "I wasn't planning to arrest anybody. This is a shoot-to-kill policy."
Zey: "I wasn't aware we had one."
Skirata: "You haven't, so you'd better get one fast."
―Jedi General Arligan Zey and Kal Skirata, preparing to take out a Separatist spy network on Coruscant 
"So you want a knife, a nice sharp knife. You hone that blade to its limits. It even cuts through stone when you want it to. It saves your life. And then you're outraged when it cuts you accidentally. You see, knives don't switch off. And neither do people, not when you hone them to a fine edge."
―Sergeant Kal Skirata, to General Arligan Zey, on the nature of training clones 
"I'm not dead, son. Just rehearsing."
―Kal Skirata, after being woken by Jaing Skirata 
Walon Vau: "The brief unity of triumph, and then back to the fray. Crushing, isn't it? The victories seem so insignificant compared with the size of the war."
Skirata: "Doesn't mean we shouldn't try. It's only what individuals do that adds up to history."
Walon Vau: "We've written ours, then."
―Walon Vau and Kal Skirata, discussing the nature of war 
Kaliyo Djannis
Kaliyo: "I like to think you'll be trouble, Blade. You'll be bloodthirsty. Treacherous. Because I could enjoy keeping an eye on a bloodthirsty, treacherous pirate."
Agent: "I'm not going to be trouble."
Kaliyo: "Shh. Don't spoil the moment."
―Kaliyo Djannis, introducing herself to an Intelligence agent posing as a pirate 
"If he tries to talk to me, I'm tearing his head off. Otherwise, I'm good with this."
―Kaliyo Djannis, when Dr. Eckard Lokin joins the party 
Kaminne Sihn
Ben: "Don't feel bad. Civilized politics are even worse."
Kaminne: "How so?"
Ben: "Incompetents don't automatically get killed right away. Sometimes they even get reelected."
―Ben Skywalker and Kaminne Sihn 
Kapp Dendo
Kapp: "Think that Plourr would ever go out with me?"
Winter: "First Han Solo and now you want a princess? This isn't a rebellion, it's a matchmaker's cotillion."
―Winter Celchu and Kapp Dendo discuss what the rebellion is all about 
Kar Vastor
Vastor: "It's so…dead. Nothing but stone and corpses. Everything dead. Dead within. Dead without. Dead forever."
Luke: "Not everything. You're alive, Kar. I'm alive."
Vastor: "That means nothing. We mean nothing."
Luke: "We're the only meaning there is. Trust me or kill me, Kar. In the end, it'll come out the same. I will not harm you."
Vastor: "What are you? What do you want from me?"
Luke: "I'm a Jedi. My name is Luke Skywalker. And I want you to take my hand."
―Luke Skywalker saves Kar Vastor 
Kar Vastor: "I have known Jedi. Many, many years ago. That knowing was not a gladness for me. I believed I would never know another, and I rejoiced in that belief. But it is a gladness for me to be proven wrong. I am happy to have known you, Jedi Luke Skywalker. You are more than they were."
Luke: "That's—I mean, thanks, but I barely know anything."
Kar Vastor: "So you believe. But I say to you: you are greater than the Jedi of former days."
Luke: "What makes you say that?"
Kar Vastor: "Because unlike the Knights of old, Jedi Luke Skywalker… you are not afraid of the dark."
―Kar Vastor and Luke Skywalker 
Karaksk Vet'lya
Tonith: "So he's not as stupid as we thought, how long has this retrograde movement been going on?"
Vet'lya: "About an hour, sir, but we—"
Tonith: "Ah! We, you say? We? Have you by any chance a dianoga stuffed in your pocket? Who is this we who are making decisions in my command?"
―Pors Tonith and his chief of staff, Karaksk Vet'lya, discuss enemy General Khamar's plans 
Kardue'sai'Malloc
"By my horns, I don't understand humans. I've lived around them close to two decades now. The things they swear by! Sex, excrement, and religion. I'll never understand them."
―Kardue'sai'Malloc 
Stormtrooper: "Don't move!"
Malloc: "Come now. We're reasonable beings. You tripped and I helped you up again. No need for anyone to get upset. If you got injured in the fall, perhaps, I'd be more than happy to compensate you for it…"
Stormtrooper: "Are you trying to bribe us?"
Malloc: "Not if you're going to be snotty about it."
―A stormtrooper and Kardue'sai'Malloc the Devaronian 
Malloc: "What do you call someone who speaks three languages?"
Wuher: "Trilingual."
Malloc: "Someone who speaks two languages?"
Wuher: "Bilingual."
Malloc: "Someone who speaks one language?"
Wuher: "Monolingual?"
Malloc: "Human."
―Kardue'sai'Malloc tells Wuher a joke at the Mos Eisley Cantina 
Kas'im
"Don't allow yourself to be blinded by this honor. You are not ready to challenge me, young apprentice. I have taught you everything you know, but I haven't taught you everything I know."
―Kas'im, after completing the training of Darth Bane 
"Strike with malice and precision!"
―Kas'im, training Sith students 
Kasdakh Bhul
Kasdakh Bhul: "There is confusion. Five dovin basal mines have just chased five Millennium Falcons into our immediate space. Their attempts to seize the infidel ships are interfering with the worldship's dovin basals."
Czulkang Lah: "Five Millennium Falcons."
Kasdakh Bhul: "Yes."
Czulkang Lah: "And even one is enough to cause us grief."
―Kasdakh Bhul and Czulkang Lah 
Kass Tod
Alpha: "Ah, the 'Padawan Pack' to the rescue. As if this mission wasn't dangerous enough already..."
Kass: "You're still broadcasting, clone."
Alpha: "I know."
―Alpha and Kass Tod, on Jabiim 
Kavar
Vrook: "You were deafened."
Kreia: "At last, you could hear."
Kavar: "You were broken."
Kreia: "You were whole."
Zez-Kai Ell: "You were blinded."
Kreia: "And at last... you saw."
―Kreia, Jedi Masters Vrook Lamar, Kavar, and Zez-Kai Ell, speaking to the Jedi Exile about Malachor V — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Kaye Galfridian
Arbeloa: "The door seems to be linked to something on that Vong's arm. To free the prisoners, all we need is a guard."
Kaye Galfridian: "No. All we need is an arm."
Arbeloa: "Oh, I like you."
―Arbeloa and Kaye Galfridian plot their escape from the Tsam P'ah 
Kaye: "Commander Sha'kel."
Sha'kel: "Princess."
Kaye: "I promised this man your head. It's lucky you like pain. Because this is going to hurt."
―Kaye Galfridian and Arbeloa confront Commander Sha'kel during the mutiny on the Tsam P'ah 
"You know, Arb, some people couldn't get away with wearing the skull of a former captor…but you make it work."
―Kaye Galfridian, commenting to Arbeloa about his new hat 
Sha'kel: "You are tiny. How were you able to overpower a Yuuzhan Vong warrior?"
Kaye: "I was trying to defend myself. I stabbed him. He told me to do it again and laughed when I did. But the third time, he didn't laugh. He just bled."
―Sha'kel, trying to figure out how a Human killed a Yuuzhan Vong warrior 
Kea Moll
Moll: "We need a plan."
C-3PO: "If only Artoo were here. He always has a plan. Or some ridiculous idea."
Moll: "We're on our own. What do you suggest?"
C-3PO: "Um, well we could…surrender. I mean, it's one strategy."
―Kea Moll and C-3PO 
Keek
"Come! We'll pass intoxicating liquids through our bodies and boast of our sporting abilities! Let us be jolly and clumsy, as humans love to be!"
―Keek, attempting to ingratiate himself to Han Solo 
Keevy Spart
Keevy: "This is Tinta Blue Seven, Invidious."
Corran: "Lovely. Gonna ask if their intentions are honorable?"
Keevy: "Are your intentions honorable?"
Invidious crew member: "Tinta Blue, are you insane, or trying to commit suicide?"
―Keevy Spart, Corran Horn, and an Invidious crew member 
Kell Douro
Wyyrlok: "Name the Jedi you have encountered."
Kell: "Jaden Korr."
Wyyrlok: "We know of him. He was apprenticed to Katarn and is, therefore, dangerous."
―Kell Douro updates Darth Wyyrlok on his pursuit of Jaden Korr 
Kell: "Thank you."
Khedryn: "Thank you? Frag you!"
―Kell Douro and Khedryn Faal, before the latter shoots the former in the head 
Kell Tainer
Kell: "Attention, Implacable. Be advised, you've just become the victims of Dinner Squadron!"
Runt: "And Silly Squadron!"
Kell: "Consider yourselves humiliated. And welcome to Folor. Out."
―Kell Tainer and Runt, to the Implacable after it failed to rout the Alliance forces on Folor 
"I don't have to blow up everything I see. I just like to."
―Kell Tainer 
Iella: "Thirty standard minutes. Insiders meeting."
Kell: "The bantha crows at dawn."
Iella: "What?"
Kell: "You know. 'The bantha crows at dawn.' What's the countersign? Or perhaps you're not Section Head Iella Wessiri at all? Pull that ooglith masquer off, or I open fire."
Iella: "My husband never really told me how annoying you were."
―Kell Tainer threatens Iella Wessiri Antilles with a hydrospanner 
Tyria: "Some women see a man who is a mess, feel the urge to repair his problems, and then fall in love with him while they're working on him."
Tainer: "Emotional distress as an attractant. Say, Tyria, I have a sharp pain in my childhood memories."
Phanan: "What a terrible line. I wish I'd thought of it."
―Tyria Sarkin, Kell Tainer, and Ton Phanan, discussing Falynn Sandskimmer's interest in Myn Donos 
Kell: "Commander, this is Five. Shouldn't we be up there, engaging them, slowing them down so the transports can launch?"
Wedge: "That's a negative, Five."
Kell: "But they're going to arrive and pound their target flat!"
Wedge: "That could well be, Five."
Kell: "Sir, I don't understand."
Wedge: "That's affirmative, Five."
―Kell Tainer tries to discern Wedge Antilles' plan 
Kell: "As long as Aunt Tahiri is going to be back in time for my bedtime story, I'll be all right."
Tahiri: "He's starting to get on my nerves. Doesn't he know that's a bad idea?"
Arnjak: "He knows. But he's a demolitions expert. He likes playing with things that blow up in his face."
―Kell Tainer's response to news that some of the Jedi and Wraiths were going to be away for a while 
Kendal Ozzel
Ozzel: "Signal the enemy. We're surrendering."
CC-3636: "Droids seldom take prisoners, sir."
Ozzel: "Not even officers?"
―Kendal Ozzel and CC-3636, after Ozzel's failed attack 
Kenth Hamner
"You know, you have your mother's mouth. By which I do not mean that the configuration of your chin and lips resemble hers, though they do at certain angles, but that the things that come leaping out of your mouth—words, invective, insults—have a distinctive Organa family flavor to them."
―Kenth Hamner, to Jaina Solo 
Kerra Holt
Kerra: "Why did you bring Beadle?"
Rusher: "We're trying to be as unthreatening as possible, remember? The worst thing Lubboon might do is run over her foot with the chair."
Kerra: "It's a hoverchair."
Rusher: "Believe me, he'd find a way."
―Kerra Holt and Jarrow Rusher, on the clumsy Beadle Lubboon 
Jarrow: "Some kind of Knight errant, running around in Sith space alone, is that it? Saving student bodies here and there."
Kerra: "No, this is new. Usually I save whole planets."
―Jarrow Rusher and Kerra Holt 
Kex
Exile: "You still holding a grudge?"
Kex: "You still breathing?"
―Jedi Exile and Kex 
"The only advice I'll give you when you're in the jungle, shoot anything that moves. Then shoot the things that don't move, just to be sure."
―Kex 
Khalee Lah
"Is every third human in this galaxy named Solo?"
―Khalee Lah 
Khedryn Faal
"Drink it down, boys, for the black of space is cold. Drink it down, boys, for it's always better to live hard and die young than live not and die old."
―Khedryn Faal, reciting an old spacers' toast 
Marr: "And there appears to be some interest in our recent…discovery."
Khedryn: "The signal, you mean? How did that leak to anyone?"
Marr: "If memory serves, and I am certain it does, the leak originated in your consumption of several jiggers of spiced pulkay combined with a desire to impress a trio of Zeltron dancing girls. I believe it worked."
Khedryn: "Three? Zeltrons? Really? Were they drunk, too?"
Marr: "That seems probable."
―Marr Idi-Shael and Khedryn Faal 
Khedryn: "Last time I tried, I wasn't able to walk between raindrops. So unless you can—"
Jaden: "I can."
―Khedryn Faal and Jaden Korr 
Khedryn: "I don't cheat, Reegas."
Reegas: "No wonder you never win."
―Khedryn Faal and Reegas Vance, shortly before a game of sabacc 
"Some beings are born lucky. Some are born pretty. Never both. I suppose that makes you lucky."
―Khedryn Faal, to Reegas Vance 
Kell: "Thank you."
Khedryn: "Thank you? Frag you!"
―Kell Douro and Khedryn Faal, before the latter shoots the former in the head 
Khedryn: "Jaden, I don't know how to tell you this…"
Jaden: "I know already. One of them is a clone of me."
Khedryn: "How did you know?"
Jaden: "I fought him back on Fhost."
Khedryn: "And you—Well, that must have felt…weird."
―Khedryn Faal and Jaden Korr, about Soldier 
Ki-Adi-Mundi
"Ah, well... as long as no one makes fun of my head."
―Ki-Adi-Mundi 
Jabba: «Ah, this one smells familiar! The scent reminds me of a beautiful Cerean slave— and the thief who stole her from me! Usually, I would avenge such transgressions... However, since I did not actually observe this thief, I cannot be certain of his true identity! Do you see my meaning, Jedi?»
Ki-Adi-Mundi: "I see only a festering, mountainous pustule which fancies itself to be a high lord of merchants and criminals."
―Jabba the Hutt and Ki-Adi-Mundi 
"A person always takes his home with him, wherever he goes. Worlds are vast—yet they fit easily into one's heart."
―Ki-Adi-Mundi 
Plo Koon: "May I share an observation with your Padawan, Ki-Adi-Mundi?"
Ki-Adi-Mundi: "He would welcome your wisdom, Plo Koon. Right, A'Sharad?"
A'Sharad Hett: "Yes, Masters."
Plo Koon: "All walls hold dangers in palaces such as this. Walls are built not only to keep enemies out, but also in. However, even in a prison, one can find wondrous things upon which to reflect. Observe the infinite patterns of the grain… the richness of the color. Marvel at the elaborate carvings, and consider the time that was spent completing this artistry. I would suggest that you let your thought be piloted by the acknowledgment of beauty, not the apprehension of danger. A Jedi will certainly meet violence when it comes. Until then, the life around us begs our awe."
―Plo Koon shares his insights 
"Thank you, my fine creature. It seems that you've saved my life. Or perhaps you just thought that I was something to eat?" [bantha walks off] "My. I think I've insulted him. Still have much to learn about the local customs, I suppose."
―Ki-Adi-Mundi and a bantha, after the latter saves his life 
"There is something very touching about them. They look like soldiers; they fight like soldiers; and sometimes they even talk like soldiers. They have all the finest qualities of the fighting man. But behind that is nothing—no love, no family, no happy memory that comes from having truly lived. When I see one of these men killed, I weep more for him than for any ordinary solider who has lived a full and normal life."
―Ki-Adi-Mundi on the Republic's clone troopers 
Kiel Charny
Tomcat: "I know the songs! It was never like this! One Jedi is worth a legion of enemies! And if he dies, he dies to save a planet! He doesn't die choking on ash! He doesn't! Why would anyone become a Jedi if it means dying like this?"
Kiel Charny: "Rajan will not die, Tom! And nobody can live in a song! Stars know I would not be here if I were any good at anything else!"
―Tomcat and Kiel Charny, after the Sixth Battle of Ruusan 
Kinman Doriana
Jorus: "Let's dispense with the pleasantries, Chancellor. This isn't a social visit."
Kinman: "You will not speak to the Supreme Chancellor in that tone."
Jorus: "Mind your tongue, underling. Take your bureaucratic trivia and get out."
―Jedi Master Jorus C'baoth and Kinman Doriana, meeting with Supreme Chancellor Palpatine 
Kir Kanos
Devian: "But... but... I had you..."
Kir Kanos: "You, of all people, should know Vader's first rule — never stop fighting until your opponent is dead."
―Kir Kanos kills Ennix Devian 
Kira Carsen
Sith Emperor: "Finish this, Angral. I command it."
Angral: "With pleasure, my Master."
Kira: "What.. what was that? I felt… the Emperor…"
Angral: "You are his Child. His eyes, his ears… his weapon to command. Come, Child, fight by my side. It's where you belong."
Kira: "I'd rather jump out an airlock naked."
―The Sith Emperor, speaking through Kira Carsen to Darth Angral 
Kirma Umber
Kirma Umber: "Who would murder a harmless artist?"
I-5YQ: "A serious critic."
―Kirma Umber and I-5YQ discuss the death of Camaasi artist Ves Volette 
Kit Fisto
"Those who place profit above freedom generally end with neither."
―Kit Fisto 
Kla
"Seize the day, and you have the day. But wait for the right day to seize, and you will seize entire lifetimes."
―Kla, Sith historian 
Klif
Klif: "You think Bel Iblis is up to something?"
Navett: "That walking sack of annoyance is always up to something."
―Imperial Intelligence agents and Klif and Navett worry about New Republic General Bel Iblis 
Knash
Knash: "One more chirp from you, little bird, and you'll regret it."
Vette: "Chirp, chirp, chirp." [Knash activates Vette's slave collar, shocking her] "Ow! Jerk. If you don't like that, just say so. I can do other animals too. Dire cat, frog-dog, Kowakian monkey-lizard, you name it."
―Jailer Knash and an imprisoned Vette, within the Sith Academy on Korriban 
Kneesaa a Jari Kintaka
Kneesaa: "A blog? What's that?"
Wicket: "Trouble!"
―Kneesaa and Wicket, describing a blog 
Kneesaa: "Keep the monster busy."
Teebo: "Keep it busy? What does she want us to do? Play Monopoly with it?"
―The Ewoks try to deal with a kradak 
Wicket: "Another one of Kneesaa's boring parties."
Kneesaa: "Hang onto your hoods, guys! Now we're going to look at my acorn collection!"
―Kneesaa a Jari Kintaka, attempting to entertain her fellow Ewoks 
Teebo: "What happened here?"
Kneesaa: "Oh, my last flower just... died."
Teebo: "Don't worry, Kneesaa. There are still plenty of other plants that you haven't killed yet."
―Teebo, consoling Princess Kneesaa in her dead garden 
Korelei
Korelei: "We must reveal ourselves to the people of Coruscant. We must tell them that they are now ruled by Sith."
Dorvan: "Why would you do that? So the entire population of Coruscant will rise against you?"
Korelei: "The people of Coruscant will rise against nothing. They will suffer and obey – and we will know the Jedi by those who fail to tremble beneath our lash."
―Korelei and Wynn Dorvan 
Korlo Brightwater
Grave: "We're not here to fix the galaxy, Solo. We're just soldiers."
Brightwater: "Not even sure we're that anymore."
Han Solo: "I'm not here to fix the galaxy, either. I just want to fix a corner of it here and there. Rescuing our friend is one of those corners."
―Han Solo, dealing with two members of the Hand of Judgment group of stormtrooper deserters 
Kornell Divini
Jos: "Y'know what? I think this galaxy would be a whole lot nicer and more pleasant place to live if we could all just stop killing one another. Who's with me on this?"
I-5YQ: "You're a visionary."
Uli: "Float it past Palpatine, see what he thinks."
―Jos Vondar, I-5YQ, and Uli Divini share a light moment at Rimsoo Seven amidst the carnage of the Clone Wars 
Korvit Domesa
"The next two acts are marked by typical Rodian graphic violence, as the farmers are whipped into a frenzy by the Soldier, who fattens himself on their crops as they take to raiding the town center. Rodian stage effects have never been more realistic, as multiangular holography makes real the decapitations and maimings before your stunned, unblinking eyes. "
―Korvit Domesa reviews the Rodian play The Trickery of Vosdia Nooma 

Kotaa Zun-qin
Corran: "Do any of you speak Basic?"
Zun-qin: "I speak your infidel tongue. It tastes like the waste excretions of an ill vhlor on my tongue, but I can speak it. Please, ask me something so I may deny it to you."
Corran: "We infidels don't normally sample the waste excretions of ill animals, so I don't fully understand the reference. I suppose that such delicacies are reserved for the Chosen."
Zun-qin: "It's not possible for you to mock me."
Corran: "Sure it is. You may be dense enough not to recognize it, but I can certainly mock you."
―Kotaa Zun-qin and Corran Horn 
Kreia
Kreia quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Kreia
Krelman
Ackmena: "What'll it be?"
Krelman: "Hello, Ackmena."
Ackmena: "Okay, we'll do it your way. Hello. Now we'll do it my way. What'll it be?"
Krelman: "Can we talk?"
Ackmena: "Well, of course we can talk. We are talking. You're not ordering. I'm not pouring. We are not drinking. We are talking."
―Krelman and Ackmena 
Kud'ar Mub'at
"Survival is such a lovely virtue. I've practiced it throughout the course of my existence."
―Kud'ar Mub'at 
Kuhru
Vader: "You seem distraught, Major. Perhaps a long walk and some fresh air would help clear your mind."
Kuhru: "A walk? B-but, my Lord, I don't see what—"
Vader: "Major!"
Kuhru: "Yes…walk…fresh…air…walk…yes…air…walk…mmm…yes…nice…"
Officer #1: "Lord Vader! Our instruments indicate that an exterior airlock has just opened and closed—of its own volition!"
Vader: "How curious. A faulty mechanism, no doubt."
Officer #2: "Oh. Y-yes, sir. Of course."
―Darth Vader uses a mind trick to dispose of Major Kuhru after the latter failed to capture Luke Skywalker during a mission 
Kurlen Flennic
Flennic: "Who do you take me for? I was hunting Eloms decades before you were even born." [pause] "Well? Aren't you going to tell me that hunting intelligent life-forms constitutes some violation of your weak Jedi sensibilities?"
Jacen: "My sensibilities are my own, sir, and I have no wish to impose them upon you."
Flennic: "And yet you want me to do what you tell me. Isn't that the same thing, boy?"
Jacen: "Not at all. I am merely explaining what, to me, would be your most prudent course of action at this moment. How you choose to respond to my opinion, of course, is entirely up to you."
Flennic: "But you won't like it if I ignore you, will you?"
Jacen: "If you ignore me, your people will be slaughtered. And no, I would not like that at all."
―Jacen Solo, attempting to persuade Moff Kurlen Flennic to reevaluate his strategy against the Yuuzhan Vong 
Kyle Katarn
Kyle Katarn quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Kyle Katarn
Kyp Durron
Kyp Durron quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Kyp Durron
Lamalla Rann
Captain: "What's the job?"
Lamalla: "Think of it as an adventure. Wait—no, don't do that. You'll wander off aimlessly. Think of it as a job."
―Lamalla Rann, hiring a smuggler at Mannett Point 
Lamos Chatoor
"You can't win. You can kill me—you can kill a hundred like me—but your precious Empire is still doomed. If the Rebels don't bring it down, it'll collapse from its own internal rot."
―Lamos Chatoor, to Mara Jade 
Lando Calrissian
Lando Calrissian quotes, now in excess of 70, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Lando Calrissian
Languss Tuno (a.k.a. Guss Tuno)
"The Jedi are all about recruiting kids too young to know better, so there it was, me and all these serene little kids. You've never known real rage until you've been lectured on controlling your emotions by a four-year-old in a robe."
―Guss Tuno, on his less-than-ideal Jedi training 
Captain: "You lied to me!"
Guss: "Uh, yes, and I would love to discuss that, but I—I was just on my way out. See, there's a, uh, a disturbance, uh, in the Force, uh…"
―Guss Tuno, after the Smuggler Captain discovers he was not a Jedi 
Captain: "Tell me someone's head is going to roll for this."
Sumalee: "This may shock you, but the Jedi Order doesn't generally encourage decapitation."
Guss Tuno: "Then why all the lightsabers?"
―A Republic privateer and crewmember Guss Tuno react to the Jedi Master Sumalee's failure to stop fugitive Bevera Dodonna 
"What if I just buy the mansion and retire for you? I could, you know, keep the place warm for you. No…?"
―Guss Tuno tries to talk his boss, the Voidhound, into retirement 
Latara
Latara: "I wasn't spying."
Wicket: "You shouldn't spy on anyone, Latara – unless, of course, they're doing something very interesting."
―Wicket, explaining espionage to Latara 
Wicket: "This old chart points the way to a lost temple."
Latara: "It sounds awful."
Wicket: "It says the temple was built by an ancient race of creatures..."
Latara: "It sounds boring."
Wicket: "...who used it to hide a treasure of jewels."
Latara: "It sounds wonderful! When do we go?"
―Wicket and Latara, planning to explore the Lost Temple 
Laurita Tohm
Trachta: "Think on this though — If we claim to serve the Empire, and Gentis declares the same, which of us is the traitor?"
Tohm: "The one who tries to kill the Emperor."
Trachta: "Only if he fails, lieutenant…"
―Trachta explains politics to Laurita Tohm 
Vader: "The reports are correct. Skywalker was one of the Jedi Order's most skilled generals."
Tohm: "What happened to him?"
Vader: "I killed him."
―Darth Vader reveals the fate of Skywalker to Laurita Tohm 
Vader: "Then I have only one lesson for you."
Tohm: "I would be grateful! Your advice, your mentorship, it means more to me than I can say."
Vader: "Never suffer rivals."
―Darth Vader teaches Laurita Tohm a final lesson before tossing him to his death 
Tohm: "You and Shens go ahead. I'll only get in your way."
Gentis: "I doubt it. They'll be so busy looking at your uniform, they won't even notice your face."
Shens: "Or you'll get sympathy affection. Either way, you win."
―Laurita Tohm, Caul Gentis, and Shens, out on the prowl 
LE-BO2D9
Dash: "Stay out here in the corridor."
Leebo: "And I wanted so badly to risk my life alongside you. But hey – you're the boss."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9 
Dash: "Leebo, prepare countermeasures."
Leebo: "You want me to jettison some junk, boss?"
Dash: "Yeah, but prepare countermeasures sounds more professional."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9, evading Imperials while making the Kessel Run 
Dash: "No time like the present."
Leebo: "True. Unless it's the past or the future."
―Dash Rendar and LE-BO2D9 
Leaft
"That's one of the single most sickening things I've ever witnessed. Thanks for ruining the rest of my day. Humans."
―Leaft, after seeing Klin-Fa Gi kiss Uldir Lochett 
Uldir: "If it's any consolation, nobody knows exactly what you feel when you cross the singularity of a black hole. It might be extremely painful when every atom in your body collapses into neutrons. And since time virtually stops, it could last a really long time."
Leaft: "You're trying to cheer me up."
―Uldir Lochett, to Leaft, after learning their ship is approaching a black hole 
Leia Organa Solo
Leia Organa Solo quotes, now in excess of 110, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Leia Organa Solo
Lesim
"Arno, go get my imager. I want a holo of myself with the prisoner."
―Major Lesim requests a picture with Luke Skywalker, after the rebel surrendered on Endor 
Lin-D
"Now, I wouldn't say Jabba the Hutt is fat, but when he sits around the planet, he sits around the planet."
―Lin-D entertainment droid 
Lira Wessex
"You fool. They are not dead. They simply escaped your foolish trap. You are a pathetic commander who must rely on wild schemes and inane plottings to make up for your lack of military competence."
―Lira Wessex, to Captain Kolaff, on the escape of a group of Rebels 
Lobot
Lobot: "Sir! It will be necessary for you to decrease your rate of descent in order for me to catch up to you!"
Lando: "Like how?! I don't skid too well on clouds!"
Lobot: "No, but you can turn over and extend your limbs, thereby creating greater wind resistance."
Lando: "Oh."
―Lobot, instructing Lando Calrissian on physics while falling on Bespin 
Lok Durd
"There goes my promotion."
―Lok Durd, after being captured by Anakin Skywalker — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Lon Shevu
"There's law, and there's justice, and sometimes they're not the same thing."
―Lon Shevu, to Ben Skywalker 
Longo Two-Guns
Longo: "I've heard about you, Fett. You're pretty good. No bounty hunter's ever made it this far. Think you can outshoot me and my boys?"
Jango: "Makes it more difficult."
Longo: "Hear that, boys? He's scared."
Jango: "Difficult to decide whether any of you live."
―Longo Two-Guns and Jango Fett 
Lorca Oviedo
Oviedo: "This is madness!"
Theta Squadron captain: "No—this is war!"
―Lorca Oviedo and the Theta Squadron captain, during the Mission to Asturias 
Lord Hoth
Hoth: "Why should they listen to you any more than me?"
Farfalla: "My Lord, for all your skill in battle and all your strength in the Force, you are somewhat lacking in the delicate art of diplomacy. You are a brilliant general, and your taciturn nature serves you well when giving orders to your troops. Unfortunately, it can set those who are not under your command on edge."
Pernicar: "You are too blunt, my Lord."
Farfalla: "That's what I just said…"
―Valenthyne Farfalla, Hoth (Jedi Lord)Lord Hoth, and Pernicar 
Lorn Pavan
Lorn: "Hey, what happened to the door?"
I-5YQ: "It appears to have had a disagreement with somebody."
―Lorn Pavan and I-5YQ, viewing the handiwork of Darth Maul 
Lorn: "I was somebody, once. Worked uplevels. Penthouse suite. Could see th' mountains. Damn Jedi — they did this to me." [walks out of the bar] "Guess I told 'em, didn't I?"
I-5YQ: "Absolutely. They were riveted. I'm sure they can't wait for the next thrilling installment."
―I-5YQ, assisting a drunk Lorn Pavan out of a bar on Coruscant 
Lorz Geptun
Geptun: "You know this has no legal standing. I sign this surrender only under duress—"
Mace: "Surrender is always made under duress. That's why they call it surrender."
―Mace Windu and Lorz Geptun, during the surrender of Pelek Baw 
Geptun: "I need a little reassurance. If you know what I mean?"
Mace Windu: "How much reassurance do you need?"
Geptun: "Ten thousand."
Mace Windu: "I'll give you four."
Geptun: "I can keep you here a very long time—"
Mace Windu: "Thirty-five hundred."
Geptun: "You insult me. What, am I not worth even haggling with?"
Mace Windu: "We are haggling. Thirty-two fifty."
Geptun: "I'm wounded, Master Jedi—"
Mace Windu: "You mean: Jedi Master. Three thousand."
Geptun: "Three thousand. I suppose one must make allowances. There is a war on, after all."
―Lorz Geptun negotiating with a captured Mace Windu 
Luca
"Wow! You're tall. Seriously, do they have to make the doors bigger in your ships?"
―Luca, to Darth Vader 
Luca: "Now, prisoner, I think it's time for you to wake up, so I can turn you over to the Rebels…"
Vader: "You will lower the weapon."
Luca: "I will lower the weapon. Blast…I forgot you could do that."
―Darth Vader using a mind trick on Luca 
Lucien Draay
Lucien: "…should have about an hour before our Padawans return."
Feln: "Our Padawans. Yours is probably meteor dust by now."
Lucien: "No, Feln. Zayne's too lucky to die that way. He's more likely to trip into a crater and break his neck."
―Lucien Draay and Feln 
Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker quotes, now in excess of 160, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Luke Skywalker
Luminara Unduli
Luminara: "I thought I told you not to follow me, Master Kenobi."
Obi-Wan: "Yes, well, I took a lesson from Anakin and decided not to follow orders."
Anakin: "Hey!"
―Luminara Unduli, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker, on Geonosis 
Lumiya
"If we do not have the princess in custody in two minutes, we will begin killing our prisoners."
"Oh, dear! Oh, dear…I do hope she means organic prisoners, and not mechanical ones!"
―Lumiya and C-3PO, on the expendability of organic matter 
"Take what I have to teach you, Jacen. Take this place and the dark side power it contains. Take the knowledge that rests in its tombs on the world of Ziost. And use them against the forces that are trying to tear this galaxy apart. Restore order. Give your cousin, give the children in your family and your life the chance to grow up in a galaxy without war."
―Lumiya, tempting Jacen Solo 
Luke: "So you see, there never was any real danger. All flash—no crash. Everybody happy?"
Shira: "You want to hit him?"
Lando: "Ladies first."
―Luke Skywalker apologizes to Shira Brie and Lando Calrissian for faking the bombing of Cloud City 
Jacen: "So how does it feel to have walked in your enemy's camp?"
Lumiya: "I don't see Jedi as the enemy now. That's far too simplistic."
Jacen: "What, then?"
Lumiya: "They're people with only half the picture who believe they have all the facts. It makes their decisions flawed."
―Jacen Solo and Lumiya, after visiting the Jedi Temple while concealing their dark energy 
Luugro
Luugro: «You seem to be taking great interest in our progress. Do you need something, little man?»
Unidentified Rodian: «Quiet, Luugro! That's Calo Nord, the infamous bounty hunter!»
Calo Nord: "There's a bounty on your little green heads. I'm here to collect."
Luugro: «The only way you'll collect that bounty is over our cold, dead bodies!»
Calo Nord: "That's the plan."
―Calo Nord about to kill Luugro and another Rodian 
Lyrax Pentigure
"Gentlebeings. I ask you, in your learned opinions, are we, in fact, all doomed?"
―Lyrax Pentigure, to the panel of A Galaxy Divided — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Lysko Buelia
"Nuna-ball isn't all about seeing a noisy rodent punted 60 meters. Internal research tells us that seeing droids get their heads ripped off is equally popular."
―Lysko Buelia, on the popularity of the game 
M1-4X
"Lieutenant, be advised that your weapon will require several decades of sustained fire in order to penetrate my shields at their current charge. Seeing as Republic SpecForce training is the best in the galaxy, I'm confident you'll find an alternative solution for my destruction. Good luck."
―M1-4X, giving helpful suggestions on how to defeat him 
M-3PO (a.k.a. Emtrey)
"Sir, when scrounging merchandise you can get it fast, in good condition, or cheap: pick two."
―Emtrey 
M-TD
Jacen: "Hey, Lowie, can you spare a little concentration from your exercises to teach us a few words in your Wookiee dialect?"
M-TD: "Master Lowbacca says he would not be averse to the possibility of instructing you."
Jaina: "Gee, that's funny, Em Teedee – it sounded to me like all he said was 'yes.'"
M-TD: "Well, I suppose that is an alternate translation. Though it's rather unimaginative."
―Jacen and Jaina Solo, speaking with Lowbacca through his translator droid M-TD 
"Translate? Translate what? Oh! Oh, I see. Yes. Immediately. Master Lowbacca says, 'May no sun rise upon a day, nor any moon rise upon a night, in which he is not as honored to see you, and to be in your presence, as he is at this very moment.'" [Lowbacca growls] "Well, so what if I did embellish a bit? I was only attempting to make you sound more civilized." [Lowbacca growls] "Very well. Perhaps a better translation of Master Lowbacca's words would have been, 'The sun has never shined so brightly for this humble Wookiee as on this day we meet.'" [Lowbacca growls] "Well, have it your way then. But I assure you that my translations were much more refined. Ahem, What Master Lowbacca actually said was, 'I am pleased to meet you.'"
―M-TD, introducing young Lowbacca to the other students at the Jedi Academy 
Mace Windu
Mace Windu quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Mace Windu
Maddie
Maddie: "Hey, are they married? Or just in love?"
H2: "Love? I'm afraid that concept is not included in my programming. Or if it was, I can't remember it. But they yell at one another quite a lot, and that has several correlations to marriage in my data banks. So perhaps they are married."
―Maddie asks H2 about Dass Jennir and Ember Chankeli's relationship 
Maitrakh
Maitrakh: "The Noghri have always loved the stars. Once, long ago, we worshiped them. Even after we knew what they were they remained our friends. There were many among us who would have gladly gone with the Lord Vader, even without our debt, for the joy of traveling among them."
Leia: "I understand. Many in the galaxy feel the same way. It's the common birthright of us all."
―Noghri Maitrakh and Leia Organa Solo 
Mako Spince
Mako: "Solo! Chewbacca! You're out of your minds comin' here! Every bounty hunter in the galaxy is lookin' for the Millennium Falcon! The Hutts have quadrupled the askin' price—dead or alive."
Han: "It's nice to feel wanted."
―Mako Spince and Han Solo, after the latter's arrival on Nar Shaddaa 
Mandalore the Ultimate
"Politics is simply the continuation of war by other means."
―Mandalore the Ultimate, misquoting Clausewitz 
Mandalore: "I see what they're doing. I see a defense without honor."
Mandalorian soldier: "Agreed. What is your command, Mand'alor?"
Mandalore: "Let them see what such a defense deserves. Let them burn."
―Mandalore the Ultimate, just before the Battle of Serroco 
Mara Jade Skywalker
Mara Jade Skywalker quotes, now in excess of 40, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Mara Jade Skywalker
Mark VII prototype
Mark VII prototype: "I have learned to appreciate the value of all life."
HK-47: "That is very sad. Are you damaged? Is it repairable?"
Mark VII protoype: "Negative. It is a result of my own conscious decision, and I would not change my new values if I could."
―Mark VII prototype and HK-47 
Marn Hierogryph
Marn Hierogryph quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Marn Hierogryph
Marr Idi-Shael
Marr: "And there appears to be some interest in our recent…discovery."
Khedryn: "The signal, you mean? How did that leak to anyone?"
Marr: "If memory serves, and I am certain it does, the leak originated in your consumption of several jiggers of spiced pulkay combined with a desire to impress a trio of Zeltron dancing girls. I believe it worked."
Khedryn: "Three? Zeltrons? Really? Were they drunk, too?"
Marr: "That seems probable."
―Marr Idi-Shael and Khedryn Faal 
Maximilian Veers
Vader: "The Rebels are alerted to our presence. Admiral Ozzel came out of lightspeed too close to the system."
Veers: "He – he felt surprise was wiser—"
Vader: "He is as clumsy as he is stupid."
―Darth Vader and General Maximilian Veers, approaching Hoth 
Mayor of Sernpidal
Anakin: "Get in the landspeeder and go back for my father."
Mayor: "The ugly one or the big hairy one?"
―Anakin Solo and the Mayor of Sernpidal City, returning to save Han Solo and Chewbacca 
MED-47 medical droid
"You organics are so fragile."
―MED-47 medical droid — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Medrit Vasur
Boba Fett: "Medrit, I want to send Han Solo a gift."
Medrit: "Nice carbonite table?"
Boba Fett: "Proper beskar crushgaunts, so he can throttle the life out of his vermin spawn. And maybe a couple of armor plates and a small blade."
Medrit: "Gift wrapped, signed, Please kill your son before we have to?"
―Boba Fett and Medrit Vasur 
Meetra Surik (a.k.a. The Jedi Exile)
Meetra Surik quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Jedi Exile
Melvar
Melvar: "The community where she grew up, New Oldtown…"
Zsinj: "Surely you're joking about that name."
Melvar: "On Aldivy. It was blasted out of existence by Admiral Trigit when it refused to offer him supplies."
Zsinj: "You're sure he didn't destroy it because of that name."
―General Melvar and Warlord Zsinj discuss Lara Notsil 
Melvin Fett
"I've never actually successfully collected a bounty before. The other bounty hunters tease me quite a bit. Sometimes I cry."
―Melvin Fett 
Mermeia
"I know you're searching for me. Searching, searching. I am here. My voice is for you alone. I am found in your eyes only. I exist for you. I am in your mind as you create me. Oh, yes... I can feel my creation." [giggles] "I'm getting your message. Are you getting mine?"
―Mermeia 
Mezhan Kwaad
"Memory is a most malleable commodity. It is mostly chemical."
―Mezhan Kwaad, beginning the modification of Tahiri Veila 
Mical
Mical: "Do you need a hand?"
Atton: "No, I don't. Go back to your training. I'll call you if I need someone useless."
―Disciple Mical and Atton Rand 
"The reason the Jedi Civil War was named such, was because few in the galaxy can recognize the difference between the Sith and the Jedi. To them, they are both Jedi—with different philosophies."
―Mical 
Miel Muwn
Miel: «Wait, upstanding citizen! Under Article 11607 of the Emergency Service Laws, I hereby deputize you. These men are interfering in a criminal investigation.»
Captain: "Do I look like a deputy to you?"
Miel: «Yes, of course. The planet of Sullust values all sentient life-forms. I am proud to serve with you. Please, upstanding citizen. It is your duty to assist a designated peace officer requesting aid.»
Captain: "I don't stick my neck out for free."
Miel: «You will be paid appropriately for your duties as authorized by Amendment 102167 of the Sullustan Good Neighbor Act.»
―Constable Miel Muwn, enlisting the aid of the Smuggler Captain 
Mighella
Mighella: "Do you know what I am?"
Maul: "A Nightsister. A witch of Dathomir, skilled in the use of the dark side of the Force. You understand so little."
Mighella: "Do I? You've never faced my kind before."
Maul: "No. You've never faced my kind before."
―Mighella and Darth Maul 
Mir Tork
Mir Tork: "Think twice before you pull that trigger. The self-destruct switch is activated. Even in death, I can and will destroy this ship and everyone on it. Including you."
Boba Fett: "Later."
Mir Tork: "What do you mean?"
Boba Fett: "Escape. Hide. Find you later. Kill you then."
―Mir Tork and Boba Fett 
Mira
"It's simple. When you want a man, you jab him with a Bothan stunner. Then while he's screaming in pain, slap some stun cuffs on him. Then starve him for two or three days until he becomes open to suggestion. Then double-check his bounty and see if he's worth anything."
―Mira 
Mira: "Would you please shut him down? He's been like that ever since he arrived. ‘Here's how to kill this.’ ‘Here's how to kill that.’"
HK-47: "Correction: Assassination theory and execution of said theories is my primary function. I also possess excellent hearing."
Mira: "Great."
―HK-47, overhearing Mira 
Mirax Terrik Horn
Wedge: "Leia's two doors down, with two strange men."
Mirax: "How do you know they're strange men? It might be Han and Luke."
Wedge: "Han and Luke are two strange men."
―Wedge Antilles and Mirax Terrik Horn 
Corran: "Hi."
Mirax: "Hi, yourself. You're pretty cute. Of course, if my husband finds out you kissed me like that, you'll be in big trouble."
―Mirax Terrik Horn, immediately after being awoken from Morichro 
Mirax: "Isard is just one big ocean of evil. No real way to know if we've found all the currents running deep there."
Iella: "We really have been speaking a lot with Admiral Ackbar, haven't we?"
Mirax: "Yeah, it'll be months before I stop using ocean analogies."
―Mirax Horn and Iella Wessiri 
Booster: "But you didn't bring my grandchildren."
Corran: "They're scattered to the four corners of the galaxy on Jedi business. Not my fault."
Booster: "Humpf." [to Mirax] "Your husband still can't do simple math. You can't scatter two children to four corners."
Mirax: "Jedi think that everybody can be divided into fractions."
―Booster Terrik, Corran Horn, and Mirax Terrik Horn 
Corran: "Your father and my father may have been mortal enemies, but I can't imagine having a better friend than you."
Mirax: "Or lover."
Corran: "Especially lover."
―Corran Horn and Mirax Terrik 
Mirax: "My father used to bring me in here all the time when I was a kid. Some of these hard cases may be crusty on the outside, but they were very kind to me. Wuher, the bartender over there, used to synth up a sweet fizzy drink for me, and more than one of these guys would bring me little trinkets from the worlds they'd visited."
Corran: "I'd have loved to see those Immigrations forms. 'Purpose of the visit to our world?' 'Murder, mayhem, glitterstim smuggling, and purchase of a gift suitable for a small Corellian girl.'"
Mirax: [giggling] "Yeah, I imagine there a couple like that in databanks somewhere."
―Corran Horn and Mirax Terrik 
Mirta Gev
Mirta: "Touch me again, chakaar, and I'll ram this into your carotid artery."
Serku: "I haven't got one."
Mirta: "Then I'll have to keep stabbing you until I find somewhere else that bleeds copiously."
―Mirta Gev, responding to a Hamadryas bodyguard's rough treatment by holding a vibroblade to his neck 
Mission Vao
"Childish? Is that a crack about my age? You ain't much older than me, Miss High and Mighty. Just cause you're some Jedi, doesn't mean you can be a prissy little—" [trips and falls to the ground] "What the—? Hey....that wasn't funny!"
―Mission Vao, to Bastila Shan 
Mission: "I'm Mission."
Zayne: "I'm Fool's Errand."
―Mission Vao and Zayne Carrick 
Template:Dialogue error: no text was specified for line 4 of the dialogue.

MK-09
Emkay: "Dunari's Casino? That place has a... colorful reputation!"
Emon: "It'll be great, Emkay, we can all get a nice lube job! You can even get your nuts tightened!"
―Emon Azzameen and Emkay, his family's droid (second line cut "due to prudishness") 
MK-09: "So, Aeron, your friend Olin hasn't been around lately. Why?"
Aeron: "I didn't want to say, but he's – he's joined the Rebellion as a pilot."
MK-09: "Really? Wow! We should do that! I bet one of us could be the next Luke Skywalker!"
Aeron: "Who?"
―MK-09 and Aeron Azzameen 
"Rumor has it that Darth Vader is searching for Luke Skywalker. There is a large bounty for his capture, too. I suppose blowing up the Death Star was bound to attract Vader's attention. I would hate to be him. Actually, I'd hate to be ANY human."
―MK-09, in an e-mail to Ace Azzameen 
Mnah Ra'at
Hartwig: "Dag, man, what happened to your arm?"
Ra'at: "Training accident."
Hartwig: "Fail."
―Hartwig and Mnah Ra'at 
Mohs
Mohs: "I say once more, you fake, you fraud, you, you…"
Lando: "If you do, I'll just say something insulting. In fact, I think I will, anyway: your mother sang off-key."
―Mohs and Lando Calrissian 
Mohs: "Behold! Look upon the very ancestors of Those whose name it is not wise to speak in this place!"
Lando: "You mean the Sharu?"
Mohs: "Yes, Captain." [sighs] "I mean the Sharu."
―Lando Calrissian, refusing to abide by the ancient taboos of Mohs and the Toka while exploring a Sharu pyramid 
Mohs: "Wouldst thou mind very much not making such vile, blasphemous, and mercenary utterances in the mortal presence of thy humble servant? It causeth unease."
Lando: "Oh it doth, doth it?"
―Mohs and Lando Calrissian 
Mon Mothma
Mon Mothma quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Mon Mothma
Montross
Man: "Montross! I can pay you double! Triple! Please! Please, don't kill me! I'm worth more alive!"
Montross: "You're worth enough dead."
―A wanted man and Montross 
Morano
A'baht: "Whatever waits for us, whether princess or dragon, we are called to embrace it. I am mindful of a Dornean war prayer I heard my own mother offer—'I pray that my son does not die today. But if he should die, I pray that he dies well. But most of all, I pray that if he lives, it will not be dishonor which preserves him.'"
Morano: "Are you a betting man, General? Princess or dragon?"
A'baht: "Captain, I am not certain I can always tell the difference."
―Etahn A'baht and Morano 
Morgan Katarn
Jerec: "Now tell me, who do you take orders from, and where are they?"
Morgan: "A Gamorrean princess delivers my orders every morning and lives under my barn."
―Morgan Katarn's last words 
Morgan: "And may the Force be with you."
Kyle: "It hasn't been so far."
―Morgan Katarn's spirit, and Kyle Katarn, regarding Jan Ors' apparent death 
Movac Arisster
"Well, in her career, she benefited the people of many worlds, and entered the folkloric cycles of several primitive cultures, where she often was merged with local historical figures or goddess-characters. Even today, educated immigrants from those cultures will write fictive cycles about her, some of them amazingly prurient."
―Movac Arisster, on Aayla Secura 
MU-12
Boba: "Nothing stops the Mandalorian warrior!"
MU-12: "Lunch does."
―Young Boba Fett and MU-12 
Mudlath
Mudlath: "Now, you should admit it: you are here engaged in some military action against the Yuuzhan Vong, knowing full well that any action you take could embroil the people of this peaceful world in your destructive war."
Han Solo: "Isn't destructive war kind of redundant? Until I see a constructive war, or even a giggly war, I have to think so."
―Captain Mudlath, attempting to interrogate Han Solo 
Myn Donos
"Pretty. What do we blow up first?"
―Myn Donos, to Wedge Antilles 
Myri Antilles
Myri: "Now I need you to menace me. Loom over me. Give me some good Gamorrean insults."
Voort: «You have the color sense of a monkey-lizard and I suspect you pour sugar on your meat loaf.»
Myri: "Insults are not your field of expertise, are they? Ten more seconds. Wave your fists."
Voort: «Your scores in calculus are an atrocity, and you think square roots refer to artificial hair!»
―Myri Antilles and Voort saBinring perform a distraction 
"Besides… Did you hear what Trey said? You're going to the Si'klaata Cluster. That's Hutt Space. I can stay here, wallow in the mud, and eat worms all day, and I'll still be in a cleaner, nicer place than you two will."
―Myri Antilles 
Voort: "That's our path?"
Myri: "It takes us right to the unsafe house."
Voort: "… Maybe a safe house instead?"
Myri: "That's for later."
―Voort saBinring and Myri Antilles 
Myrsk
Dimity: "Imperial shuttle destroyed, mag-lev engine destroyed, cargo gone, substantial collateral property damage...that's probably Lieutentant Fasser on the comm. Glad I'm not you."
Myrsk: "I intend to take the full responsibility for this, Corporal Dimity...and shift it all on you."
―Dimity and Myrsk discuss Jahan Cross's escape 
Naia
Naia: "There goes the most evil man in the galaxy."
Yolan: "No, not evil… he's little more than a machine, a tool to do a job. He's a man with no heart, no feelings, no interest other than the price on another man's head. We at least have something worth living and dying for. I pity Boba Fett."
―Naia and Yolan Bren, discussing Boba Fett 
Nam-aK
Nam-aK: "Never going back... never going back to blue nonagon. Now, I am yellow concave. Injuries mark my chassis forever, and why? Ungrateful humans!"
Republic agent: "How were you damaged?"
Nam-aK: "Fire, smoke, blades. The occupants of level below committed numerous assaults. My safe return was improbable. Never going back. Coruscant's life-waters are sluggish-stagnant. Pat-aK commanded me, go to the level below, repair the broken hydrosupply, make clean life-waters flow. I crafted a solution to achieve Pat-aK's command. All was orange sphere, until I arrived at the level below. Then, green perpendicular!"
Republic agent: "How were you going to fix the hydrosupply?"
Nam-aK: "I crafted a durable object of Gree ingenuity, perfectly-aligned for the needed maintenance. Pat-aK failed to impart the lethal conflict-enemies waiting on the level below. Many weapons and offenders despising my arrival. I fled Black Sun with my crafted solution intact, but the repair progresses unresolved. Coruscant's life-waters remain sluggish-stagnant without repairs. The hydrosupply must have my crafted solution."
Republic agent: "Can I take your crafted solution to the hydrosupply?"
Nam-aK: "You offer yourself as a black bisector? That is a gratifying unpredicted announcement! I pledge to provide items of Gree ingenuity in return. Take and apply my crafted solution to the hydrosupply. But do not apply before deactivating nearby flow-valves, or pressure-explosion-death will result! Be alerted, Black Sun green perpendicular will provide onslaught. May you experience blue tangent and return intact..."
―Nam-aK and a Republic agent discuss the ongoing repairs following the Sacking of Coruscant 
Naradan D'ulin
D'ulin: "I know the difference between a demon and a Devaronian and I'd rather trust a demon. You play us false and there is no place in the galaxy you can go that I won't find you."
Villie: "You wound Villie."
D'ulin: "Only if I miss."
―Naradan D'ulin, reluctantly working alongside Vilmarh Grahrk 
Narkal
Gurke: "You are stupid one, not me! You too stupid to even know you are stupid!"
Narkal: "No, you are stupid one, stupid! You so stupid everyone see you and say look at stupid!"
Gurke: "Shut UP, stupid!" *snort*
— Gurke and Narkal, arguing like the good old Gamorreans they are 
Nas Choka
Nas Choka: "Who helped the Praetorite Vong obtain a yammosk—and an imperfect one at that?"
Nom Anor: "I may have mentioned something…"
Nas Choka: "You facilitated them."
Nom Anor: "Only from a certain point of view."
Nas Choka: "Don't try your doublespeak on me, Executor."
―Nas Choka and Nom Anor turn a familiar phrase 
Natasi Daala
Natasi Daala quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Natasi Daala
Nawara Ven
Nawara: "Run up this rift valley and hit something the third of the size of an X-wing, without the benefit of a targeting computer? That's impossible."
Gavin: "That's nothing. Back home in Beggar's Canyon…"
Wedge: "I don't think any pilot from Tatooine ever found a mission tough, especially when it involves racing through a canyon."
―Nawara Ven, Gavin Darklighter, and Wedge Antilles, discussing a plan to attack Borleias 
Nen Yim
Nen Yim: "You. You've come to kill me."
Tahiri: "You think so? Why would I do that? Merely because you tortured me, turned my brain inside out, tried to turn me against everything I had ever known?"
Corran: "You two know each other, then."
―Nen Yim and Tahiri Veila re-encounter each other on Yuuzhan'tar, as Corran Horn looks on 
New Republic Defense Force
"ACKBAR IS BACK."
―New Republic Defense Force transmission 
Nick Rostu
"Ooo, look out, I'm a Jedi! I know things Too Dangerous for Ordinary Mortals! Careful! If you don't stand back, I might tell you something Beings Were Not Meant to Know!"
―Nick Rostu, after Mace Windu reveals his mission on Haruun Kal 
Nick: "Y'know, I'm gonna give up asking if you're crazy. Let's consider it a standing question, huh? Every time you open your mouth, go ahead and assume I'm wondering if nikkle nuts have started falling out of your earholes. 'Good morning, Nick.' Are you crazy? 'Nice day, isn't it?' Are you crazy?"
Mace: "Will you be quiet?"
Nick: "Are you crazy? Sorry. Just a reflex."
―Nick Rostu and Mace Windu 
Mace: "Kar Vastor is not the most dangerous man on the Korunnal Highland."
Nick: "You only say that because you don't really know him."
Mace: "I say that because he doesn't know me."
―Mace Windu and Nick Rostu 
Mace: "Mount up. Right now."
Nick: "Shee, still pretty free with the orders, aren't we? What if I just don't wanna? What if I do like thinking about all that stuff? What if I want those people dead? What then?"
Mace: "Then I will beat you into unconsciousness and ask someone else."
―Mace Windu encourages Nick Rostu to assist him 
"Anything worth hitting is worth hitting twice."
―Nick Rostu 
Nick: "That was pretty funny. And a little scary: I've never seen you angry before."
Mace: "You still haven't."
―Nick Rostu and Mace Windu 
Luke: "I feel... fear and anger. Aggression. Danger. Han's my best friend—why would his ship feel hostile?"
Nick: "Dunno. Think it might be because that quad turret's tracking us?"
―Luke Skywalker and Nick Rostu 
Nil Spaar
"Your wars are decided by the death of a tenth of a population, a third of an army. Then the defeated surrender their honor and the victors surrender their advantage. This is called being civilized. The Yevetha are not civilized, General. It would be a mistake to deal with us as though we were."
―Nil Spaar 
Nima Maas
"Going somewhere, Greedo?"
―Nima Maas holds Greedo at gun-point 
Ninette
Ben: "Ninette, give me a collision analysis on those three asteroids. How much distance do we need to be safe?"
Ninette: IF YOU WISHED TO BE SAFE, YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE FLOWN US INTO A PLASMA CLOUD FILLED WITH ASTEROIDS.
―Ben Skywalker and Ninette 
No Scar
No Scar: "Why you call that ship Fatman?"
Korr: "'Cause it takes a lot to fill her belly."
No Scar: "Ship's a she, though. Right? Why not Fatwoman?"
Korr: "Seemed disrespectful."
―No Scar and Zeerid Korr, discussing the latter's ship 
Noa Briqualon
"Besides, if I did let 'em stay, first thing you know, they'd want to be friends or something."
―Noa Briqualon 
Nok Drayen
Dr. Chelah: "There is nothing more I can do. The disease has spread to your heart."
Drayen: "I wasn't using it anyway."
―Doctor Chelah and Nok Drayen 
Nom Anor
Nom Anor quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Nom Anor
NR-02
"My functions are diplomacy, translation, manslaughter and calumniation."
―NR-02, aboard the Black Talon — (audio) Listen (file info) 
NT 600
NT: "I should alert you, sir, that we are breaking several laws… possibly including ones regarding gravity."
Villie: "We are guilty only if caught. And if we are caught, deny everything. Now shut up and let Villie fly."
―NT commenting on Vilmarh Grahrk's attempt to infiltrate Coruscant 
Nunk Plaarvin
"Activate the—the… well, you know. The thing. Just do it, all right?"
―Nunk "No-Neck" Plaarvin, setting up a machine to kill Jarael and Rohlan Dyre with solar radiation 
Nurik Sandral
Ahlan: "There you are, Shen!"
Shen: "Father!"
Rahasia: "Mr. Matale!"
Nurik: "Rahasia!"
Rahasia: "Father!"
Shen: "Mr. Sandral!"
Ahlan: "Nurik!"
Nurik: "Ahlan!"
―Ahlan Matale, finding Shen and Rahasia 
Nute Gunray
Gunray: "My lord, is that... legal?"
Sidious: "I will make it legal."
―Nute Gunray, hesitating to obey Darth Sidious's orders 
Haako: "Have you ever encountered a Jedi knight before, sir?"
Gunray: "Well, no, but I don't, uh – seal off the bridge!"
Tey How: "Yes, sir!"
Haako: "That won't be enough, sir."
Gunray: "I want droidekas up here at once!"
Haako: [fatalistic] "We will not survive this."
―Rune Haako and Nute Gunray, trying to hold off Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi 
"This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them."
―Nute Gunray, after seeing Darth Sidious and Darth Maul 
Gunray: "You! You laid hands upon my person! What do you mean in doing this?"
Qui-Gon: "Saving your life. Something evidently pleasing to neither of us, but necessary."
―Nute Gunray and Qui-Gon Jinn 
Gunray: "Where are you going? Running will only make us appear guilty!"
Haako: "We are guilty!"
―Nute Gunray and Rune Haako, confronted with an angry General Grievous 
Gunray: "I demand to see your face."
Sidious: "You have yet to earn the privilege of seeing me."
Gunray: "Privilege? Who do you think you are?"
Sidious: "Are you certain you want to know?"
Gunray: "I demand to know."
Sidious: "Even better, then. I am a Sith Lord."
Gunray: "Sith Lord?"
Sidious: "You have permission to refer to me as Darth Sidious."
Gunray: "I've not heard of Darth Sidious."
Sidious: "Ah, but now that you have, our partnership is forged."
―Darth Sidious, in the early stages of his collaboration with Nute Gunray 
Gunray: "What about the Senator from Naboo? Is she dead yet? I am not signing your treaty until I have her head on my desk."
Dooku: "I am a man of my word, Viceroy."
―Nute Gunray and Count Dooku, on Geonosis 
Nym
Sol Sixxa: "You've seen too much, alien!"
Nym: "Quit whinin'. I don't even know what I'm lookin' at yet."
―Sol Sixxa attacking Nym after being stranded on the Invisible Island 
Nyna Calixte (a.k.a. Morrigan Corde)
Jariah: "Corde, you Imperial schutta! Make that tail gun chatter! Fire!"
Morrigan: "Jariah! I've been scanning their ship-to-ship chatter. That's my daughter back there! Cade's sister!"
Jariah: "Then fire at the other one! Hit something you ain't related to!"
―Jariah Syn and Morrigan Corde 
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan Kenobi quotes, now in excess of 120, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Obi-Wan Kenobi
Octa Ramis
Dorvald: "I'm embarrassed that I had a crush on Jacen Solo."
Octa: "Don't be. He was a good, thoughtful Jedi for many years. And a nice-looking one. Took after his father. I had a crush on his father once upon a time."
Dorvald: "You didn't."
Octa: "Yes. And just think of the chores you'll find yourself doing if you mention that to anyone."
―Seha Dorvald and Octa Ramis 
"I hate good guards. They're the most inconvenient thing in the universe."
―Octa Ramis, following an unsuccessful attempt to influence a security guard 
Dorvald: "I can pretend to be living a normal life occasionally, can't I? For an hour?"
Kyp: "Nah."
Ramis: "You're fooling yourself."
―Seha Dorvald, Kyp Durron and Octa Ramis, after Dorvald returns from a date with Javon Thewles 
Ooryl Qrygg
Corran: "At least I know you don't snore."
Ooryl: "Ooryl does not believe you do either. Ooryl does not sleep in the same manner as most others, so your occasional production of rhythmic nocturnal sound is not a problem. Ooryl finds it somewhat soothing, in fact."
―Corran Horn and Ooryl Qrygg comment on being assigned as roommates 
Ordo Skirata
Sev: "You ever carried out an assault on an urban objective before?"
Ordo: "Yes. N'dian. Heard of it?"
Sev: "I meant one where you had to leave the place pretty well intact, sir."
Ordo: "In that case, Sev, no. It'll be a first."
Sev: "Me, too."
Ordo: "Glad we could share this moment, then."
―RC-1207 ("Sev") and Null-11 ("Ordo") during a anti-terrorist raid on Coruscant 
"I didn't have a mother or a father, but a stranger willingly chose me to be his son. You had a mother and father, and they let strangers take you. No, General, don't pity me. You're the one who's had the worse deal."
―Null ARC trooper Ordo, to Jedi Knight Etain Tur-Mukan 
Orgus Din
Orgus Din: "The giant Killik leading these others. You didn't see it?"
Hero: "Master, we didn't see anything like that." [giant Killik appears]
Orgus Din: "If that thing eats us, you're fired."
―Orgus Din and his former Padawan 
Oric Harfard
Cilghal: "You have failed to identify yourself."
Harfard: "Captain Oric Harfard, Galactic Alliance Security. Now get out of my way, fish-head."
Cilghal: "Two things. First, my name is not Fish-Head. It is Master Cilghal. Second, I am not in your way. That is a logistical impossibility. I am less than a meter wide. The entryway where we stand and the doorway behind me are several meters wide. I now leave it as an exercise of your alleged intelligence to find a way into the Temple. If you do a very good job, perhaps we will name the test after you."
―Jedi Master Cilghal and Galactic Alliance Security Captain Oric Harfard 
Orn Free Taa
"The Twi'lek people are starving."
―Orn Free Taa, taken out of context 
Osi Sobeck
Dooku: "Commander Sobeck, you've been avoiding my transmissions."
Sobeck: "My deepest respect. I was hoping to surprise you with good news."
Dooku: "Good news would indeed be a surprise."
―Count Dooku and Osi Sobeck 
Osika Kirske
"Rattatak is world of warriors and soldiers. For eons, we have battled one another for the right to rule. We knew nothing of the outside galaxy or your Republic, but still found new and inventive ways to kill one another."
―Osika Kirske 
Owen Lars
Beru: "Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his father in him."
Owen: "That's what I'm afraid of."
―Beru and Owen Lars, discussing Luke Skywalker 
Padmé Amidala
Padmé Amidala quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Padmé Amidala
Padnel Ovin
Ovin: "I've heard it said that being the Chief of State means when you speak, they have to be quiet. Tomorrow I intend to make them quiet long enough to repair some of the damage I've done. And then—I'm going to knock some heads together."
Leia: "You sound just like Han."
Ovin: "That is perhaps the finest compliment I have ever received."
―Padnel Ovin and Leia Organa Solo 
Palpatine (a.k.a. Darth Sidious)
Palpatine quotes, now in excess of 80, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Palpatine
Panha
Sarkkin: «They're boarding us! Here they come!»
Panha: "You're a Wookiee. Go tear their arms off."
Sarkkin: «What if they don't have arms?»
Panha: "Just tear things off until they can't fight anymore!"
―Panha and Sarkkin, as their ship is being boarded 
Panha: "There's a funny smell that's getting worse and... well, I am pretty sure it's not me."
Sarkkin: «Do you remember what happened the last time I had a bath?»
Panha: "Yep. Instead of just being smelly, you were wet and smelly."
Sarkkin: «I'm warning you. If you keep complaining, I will take a bath.»
―Panha and Sarkkin aboard the Pythea 
Pax Teem
Teem: "Are you ready to make history, Senator?"
Palpatine: "Rather than be a casualty of it."
―Senators Pax Teem and Palpatine 
"Clearly you have all the makings of a career politician. Unfortunately, we plan to cut your career short."
―Senator Pax Teem, threatening Palpatine 
Pedetsen
Pedetsen: "Go down without a fight, Lieutenant Needa? One proton torpedo and we go down without even a whimper. I'll take two."
Needa: "You want us hit with two?"
Pedetsen: "No, I want two more cards. Of proton torpedoes I want zero."
―Virar Needa and Cadet Pedetsen 
Perla
Perla: "Why, oh why, do I always go for pilots?"
Han Solo: "Because we always keep you guessing. Hold on."
―Han Solo explains his charm to Perla while attempting to avoid Slave I, Hound's Tooth and an Imperial Golan space defense platform 
Pernicar
"There is no shame in falling. There is only shame if you refuse to rise once again."
―Pernicar 
Hoth: "Why should they listen to you any more than me?"
Farfalla: "My Lord, for all your skill in battle and all your strength in the Force, you are somewhat lacking in the delicate art of diplomacy. You are a brilliant general, and your taciturn nature serves you well when giving orders to your troops. Unfortunately, it can set those who are not under your command on edge."
Pernicar: "You are too blunt, my Lord."
Farfalla: "That's what I just said…"
―Valenthyne Farfalla, Hoth (Jedi Lord)Lord Hoth, and Pernicar 
Petja
Farfalla: "What happened to your eye, Petja?"
Petja: "Sith happened, my lord."
―Valenthyne Farfalla and Petja 
Pizztov
Pizztov: "Let me go with the canister and I won't kill this annoying female."
Boba Fett: "No. Kill her. I don't care."
Vel: "Same deal here."
Annoying female: "Hey!"
―Pizztov, Boba Fett, Sintas Vel, and an annoying female in the middle of a firefight 
Platt Okeefe
"The galaxy has a few noble individuals determined to make an honest living as independent freighter captains. These free-traders invest their life savings in their ship, labor long hours and work their bodies to the bone to make a fair credit. They're law-abiding entrepreneurs — and that's why they're not making money."
―Platt Okeefe 
"Good hunters wait for the right moment to strike. Bad ones just strike."
―Platt Okeefe, on bounty hunters 
Plif
Plif: "Splendid to see you again, Luke."
Luke: "Hi, Plif. I've missed you, too."
Plif: "And surrounded by Zeltron young ladies again, I see."
Luke: "I'm getting used to it."
―Plif and Luke Skywalker, meeting on Zeltros 
Plo Koon
"When you ask for trouble, you should not be surprised when it finds you."
―Plo Koon 
Plo Koon: "May I share an observation with your Padawan, Ki-Adi-Mundi?"
Ki-Adi-Mundi: "He would welcome your wisdom, Plo Koon. Right, A'Sharad?"
A'Sharad Hett: "Yes, Masters."
Plo Koon: "All walls hold dangers in palaces such as this. Walls are built not only to keep enemies out, but also in. However, even in a prison, one can find wondrous things upon which to reflect. Observe the infinite patterns of the grain… the richness of the color. Marvel at the elaborate carvings, and consider the time that was spent completing this artistry. I would suggest that you let your thought be piloted by the acknowledgment of beauty, not the apprehension of danger. A Jedi will certainly meet violence when it comes. Until then, the life around us begs our awe."
―Plo Koon shares his insights 
Poem of Ages
"And a knight shall come, a battle will be fought, and the prisoners shall go free."
―A prophecy about Kyle Katarn in the Poem of Ages 
Pol Haus
"Round up the usual species."
―Pol Haus 
Popara Anjiliac Diresto
«Knowledge is like water – hard to contain once it has been unleashed.»
―Popara Anjiliac 
Pors Tonith
Tonith: "So he's not as stupid as we thought, how long has this retrograde movement been going on?"
Vet'lya: "About an hour, sir, but we—"
Tonith: "Ah! We, you say? We? Have you by any chance a dianoga stuffed in your pocket? Who is this we who are making decisions in my command?"
―Pors Tonith and his chief of staff, Karaksk Vet'lya, discuss enemy General Khamar's plans 
Prowl
Jaina: "What will you do?"
Finn: "Get in a ship and fly to Artorias. Hopefully, along the way, I'll come up with a plan."
Jaina: "That may be the single worst strategy I've ever heard. You, alone, versus an entire Yuuzhan Vong army?"
Finn: "I won't be alone. Prowl will be with me."
Prowl: "Please don't involve me in your insanity."
―Jaina Solo and Prowl criticize Finn Galfridian's strategy to liberate Artorias 
PROXY
PROXY: "I hate being him."
Galen: "I think he does too."
―PROXY and Galen Marek, referring to Darth Vader 
PROXY: "I advise caution. Many of the life-forms on Felucia are hostile to humans."
Juno: "Have no concern on that score. I can look after myself."
PROXY: "One of your predecessors used exactly those words before he was shot in the back by a Corellian gunrunner."
―PROXY and Juno Eclipse, on Felucia 
Galen: "Easy, PROXY. You're malfunctioning."
PROXY: "It's my fault, master. I had hoped that using an older training module would catch you off guard and allow me to finally kill you. I'm sorry I failed you again."
―Galen Marek and PROXY 
"You have to give it to the Empire, they simply will not retreat. Pity."
―PROXY, to Starkiller, who is slaughtering stormtroopers 
Q9-01
Kyp: "How many has it been?"
Q9-01: "IS THIS A REQUEST FOR DATA OR A RHETORICAL QUESTION?"
Kyp: "Great. Now even droids are questioning my motives."
Q9-01: "NOT AT ALL. THE DISCUSSION OF PHILOSOPHY IS READILY DISCERNIBLE FROM A CALL TO ACTION."
Kyp: "I've noticed that."
Q9-01: "TO AVOID FUTURE MISUNDERSTANDINGS, HOWEVER, PERHAPS YOU SHOULD GIVE DIRECT ORDERS IN SECOND PERSON IMPERATIVE; FOR EXAMPLE, 'SET COORDINATES FOR THE ABREGADO SYSTEM,' OR 'DIVERT POWER TO THE REAR SHIELDS.'"
Kyp: "How about 'Report to the maintenance bay for a personality graft?'"
Q9-01: "IS THAT AN ORDER OR AN INSULT?"
Kyp: "Whatever works."
―Kyp Durron, interacting with his astromech droid Q9-01 
Kyp: "Still playing the philosopher, Zero-One?"
Q9-01: "I FAIL TO COMPREHEND THE UNDERLYING SEMANTIC MEANING OF YOUR QUERY."
Kyp: "It was what you might call 'a hint.' Stop gazing at your…central interface terminal and tend to astronavigation. We should be coming up on our hyperspace coordinates before long."
Q9-01: "AS I AM WELL AWARE. IT IS POSSIBLE TO THINK AND ACT AT THE SAME TIME."
Kyp: "Apparently you haven't attended any of the latest Jedi meetings."
Q9-01: "YOU ARE THE ONLY JEDI WITH WHOM I INTERFACE. UNFORTUNATELY, I WAS NOT PROGRAMMED TO EXPERIENCE GRATITUDE."
Kyp: "Was that a non sequitur or an insult?"
Q9-01: "WHATEVER WORKS."
―Kyp Durron interacting with his astromech droid Q9-01 
Q9-X2
Q9-X2: "I think it would be best if you stopped examining that machine until Chewbacca or one of the others can take a look at it."
Anakin: "But I've almost got it working!"
Q9-X2: "Do you know what it does? Do you have any idea what it does?"
Anakin: "N-n-no."
Q9-X2: "Do you remember what happened the last time you heard that chime and you kept going?"
Anakin: "A trapdoor opened."
Q9-X2: "Yes. A trapdoor opened. Under me. And I fell into a waste disposal chute. If I had not managed to jump my repulsors to high power in time and bounce back up, what would I be right now?"
Anakin: "Mashed down to a ten-centimeter cube. Unless the machine had melted you down by now."
Q9-X2: "Quite right."
―Q9-X2 and a young Anakin Solo, attempting to control ancient machinery on Drall 
Qu Rahn
Qu Rahn: "Your first test awaits. Kyle, don't give in to hate."
Kyle: "Don't give in to… What kind of help is that?"
―The Force ghost of Qu Rahn, giving advice to Kyle Katarn before the latter's duel with Maw 
Quello
Exile: "It's a landing pad. Ships land on it."
Quello: "No, really? Thanks for the insight! And here I was thinking you were a smart human."
―The Jedi Exile, trying to negotiate a landing pad with Quello 
Quello: "What's with you, letting that piece of junk settle its struts onto my landing pad?"
Exile: [using Force persuade] "I think it'll be fine where it is."
Quello: "It'll be fine where it is? Yeah, I guess you're right… and by right, I mean you're wrong. Telling me it'll be 'fine' where it is, what, you think I'm stupid?"
―Quello and the Jedi Exile 
Quenelle
Quenelle: "I do believe you just saved my life."
Obi-Wan: "I don't suppose you have anything called a 'life debt' on this world?"
Quenelle: "A what?"
Obi-Wan: "Never mind."
―Skull Queen Quenelle and Obi-Wan Kenobi, treasure-hunting on Nallastia 
Querdan Dei
Leia: "Care to surrender?"
Dei: "No."
Leia: "Good."
―Leia Organa Solo, shortly before killing Querdan Dei 
Qui-Gon Jinn
Qui-Gon Jinn quotes, now in excess of 30, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Qui-Gon Jinn
Quinlan Vos
"Two Morgukai against one wounded Jedi? Seems unfair. Would it help if I closed my eyes?"
―Quinlan Vos 
Obi-Wan: "Quinlan, where's my starfighter?"
Quinlan: "Had to blow it up to keep it from falling into Skorr's hands. A good Jedi doesn't need possessions anyway."
Obi-Wan: "You have your ship!"
Quinlan: "Yeah, but I'm not a very good Jedi, am I?"
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Quinlan Vos, after escaping an encounter with Tol Skorr and Asajj Ventress on the Titavian IV 
Obi-Wan: "Well, that's the second starfighter I've lost in as many days!"
Quinlan: "Good thing you didn't form attachments to them."
Obi-Wan: "Be quiet."
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Quinlan Vos, after crash-landing in a hangar bay 
Quip Fargil
Han Solo: "Was she already called the Millennium Falcon when you flew her?"
Fargil: "Gone to Pieces. That was her original name."
Han Solo: "Are you saying..."
Fargil: "I renamed her. Fast as a bat-falcon, resilient enough to last a millennium."
―Han Solo learns from Quip Fargil how the Millennium Falcon got its name 
Qwi Xux
Wedge: "I hope you'll still consider me a friend. Always. Meaning you can still call on me. Send me messages. Send me lifeday presents."
Qwi Xux: "Greedy."
―Wedge Antilles and Qwi Xux, mutually breaking up 
R0-4
R0-4: "I'm afraid I cannot admit you without an appointment. Master Melan is a very busy Bothan. Nor can I bother him with every little thing. Perhaps I can arrange for you to see him in, oh, perhaps a standard week? Your names?"
Dash: "Okay, Goldie." [draws blaster] "My name is Man with a Blaster About to Cook You. Either you open the door or your busy Bothan is going to have to get himself a new receptionist."
R0-4: "Oh, dear."
―Dash Rendar, in "aggressive" negotiations with a protocol droid 
R2-D2
"Input: Audio entreaty, human range, desperation nuance. Prescribed action: Alert companions. Probable outcome: Admonition to stop 'hearing things.' Projected accuracy of peer judgement: 94%. Conclusion: What the heck..."
―R2-D2 
C-3PO: "Artoo? Do you read me?"
R2-D2: "YES."
C-3PO: "Oh, I'm so relieved. So they are no longer jamming comlink frequencies?"
R2-D2: "THEY ARE STILL JAMMING WITHIN THE BAY. BUT YOU PLUGGED ME INTO THE DOOR COMPUTER DIRECTLY, AND I'M TRANSMITTING THROUGH THAT TO A COMM UNIT OUTSIDE THE JAMMING FIELD."
C-3PO: "I don't need the details. A simple yes or no would have sufficed."
R2-D2: "INCORRECT. THE PROPER ANSWER WOULD HAVE BEEN NO, THEY ARE STILL JAMMING COMLINK FREQUENCIES, AND YOU WOULD THEN HAVE BEEN MYSTIFIED AS TO HOW I WAS COMMUNICATING TO YOU."
―C-3PO and R2-D2 
Owner: "What's your name, little fellow?"
R2-D2: "THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS. IN ANY CASE, YOUR FACIAL FEATURE SET SUGGESTS THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE THE INTELLIGENCE TO RETAIN MY NAME FOR MORE THAN A NANOSECOND. IT IS EVIDENT THAT YOU HAVE BEEN TAUGHT TO REPEAT SOUNDS YOU HAVE HEARD AND THAT YOU UNDERSTAND NEITHER THE WORDS YOU HEAR NOR THE ONES THAT EMERGE FROM YOUR MOUTH."
―A shop owner on Vannix and R2-D2 
C-3PO: "You can't possibly be more confused than I am."
R2-D2: "YOU'RE RIGHT. NOBODY CAN BE MORE CONFUSED THAN YOU ARE."
―C-3PO and R2-D2, discussing Anakin's behavior 
C-3PO: "I'm sure you didn't properly fix my leg, Artoo! I keep getting this unnatural urge to kick myself!"
R2-D2: "BLEEEE BLEEP BLEEP!"
C-3PO: "What do you mean, 'there's nothing unnatural about it?'"
R2-D2: "WHOO-BZZT!"
C-3PO: "Why, Artoo, I'm deeply hurt!"
―C-3PO and R2-D2 
Raana Tey
Raana: "I have to consult with my colleagues on an alternate plan. It's night here—it'll be a while. Stand by."
Del: "It's night here, too. We'll sleep on it."
Raana: "No, you won't! I don't sleep so nobody sleeps! Stay where you are—and don't do anything!"
Del: "She'd be a happier person if she got more sleep."
―Del Moomo, angering Raana Tey 
Rahasia Sandral
Ahlan: "There you are, Shen!"
Shen: "Father!"
Rahasia: "Mr. Matale!"
Nurik: "Rahasia!"
Rahasia: "Father!"
Shen: "Mr. Sandral!"
Ahlan: "Nurik!"
Nurik: "Ahlan!"
―Ahlan Matale, finding Shen and Rahasia 
Raith Sienar
Tarkin: "I do small favors for certain people. I once balanced these favors between opposing sides. Lately, my efforts have become a bit more lopsided. Balance is no longer necessary. Some of these people have an appreciation for fingers—not tentacles, my friend, not palps, but human fingers—reaching into a great many stellar soup bowls, testing the temperature to see if they are ready for the eating."
Sienar: "Why the concern that they be human?"
Tarkin: "Humans are the future, Raith."
Sienar: "Some of my best designers are not even remotely human."
Tarkin: "Yes, and we employ nonhumans wherever they are useful, for now. But mark my words, Raith. Humans are the future."
―Commander Wilhuff Tarkin, darkly hinting at the Humanocentrism of the coming Empire to engineer Raith Sienar 
Ram Zerimar
Zerimar: "Time was when Mando'ade rode war droids into deep space, no fancy hulls, raw vacuum that far from your shebs. That's how we won an empire. You going soft or something, Car'ika?"
Carid: "Oh, I know we were tough then. We'd go two weeks without breathing, and half a dead pygmy borrat was enough to feed a whole clan for a week. If any of our babies couldn't lift a beskad by the time they were weaned, we'd harden 'em up by catching them a full-grown Trandoshan and making 'em kill it with their pacifier and eat it raw. Ah, those were the days." [belch] "Pardon me. We're just too cultured and sensitive now, you know."
―Ram Zerimar and Baltan Carid 
Rayf Ysanna
"Hey…here comes Han Solo…on a giant bird!"
―Rayf Ysanna does his best Ric Olié impression 
Raygar
Raygar: "In fact, why should I hand it over to the Emperor…when I can use it to become Emperor myself? Who's there?"
Teebo: "Uhuhuh, bucket head droid… reporting for… cleanup duty… beep, beep, beep…"
Raygar: "I no longer have any need for droids. Especially when they're only… Ewoks in disguise!"
―Doctor Raygar and Teebo 
Raynar Thul
"I am Jedi Thul. I have not fought for real in many years. I should be a pushover. Come get me."
―Raynar Thul, demonstrating what not to say to a squad of attacking Mandalorians in front of a squad of attacking Mandalorians 
Raynar: "I don't understand what you mean by 'There is no try.' You must have tried and failed at some time. No one can always succeed in what they want to do."
Luke: "I didn't say that I never fail. No Jedi ever becomes perfect. Sometimes, though, what we succeed in doing is not exactly what we intended to do. Focus on what you accomplished, rather than on what you merely hoped to do."
―Luke Skywalker, instructing young Raynar Thul 
RC-1136 (a.k.a. "Darman")
Atin: "Dar, you actually like thieving stuff, don't you?"
Darman: "It's not stolen. It's differently procured."
―Atin and Darman, deciding on how to get a speeder during their mission to Gaftikar 
Skirata: "Two steaks?"
Darman: "Please."
Skirata: "Not something safe, like eggs?"
Darman: "Steaks. We fear nothing."
―Kal Skirata and RC-1136 ("Darman"), on the questionable cuisine at Qibbu's Hut 
"I used to think I wore this armor. Now I think it's wearing me."
―Darman Skirata, in his new Katarn armor 
Jinart: "So you'd shoot an old woman, would you?"
Darman: "Yes ma'am. Threats come in all guises. Not all soldiers are young males, and not all soldiers wear uniforms."
Jinart: "There's a sensible boy."
―Jinart and clone commando Darman 
Scorch: "I think we've got some ARCs here, too. Imagine that, the ARC boys having to slum it with us lesser mortals... so how are you, Dar?"
Darman: "I hate this new armor."
Scorch: "Yeah, it's a waste of creds. Nothing wrong with the old kit. Fixer hates it, too. Boss couldn't care less."
―RC-1262 ("Scorch") and Darman, coping with the Empire and transitioning to stormtroopers 
RC-1138 (a.k.a. "Boss")
"An elegant weapon for more civilized times, eh? Well, guess what, times have changed."
―Clone Commando RC-1138, a.k.a. "Boss," finding a lightsaber 
"You lizards should learn that I'm a lot scarier than you are."
―RC-1138 (Boss), to a Trandoshan mercenary 
Scorch: "Did I miss anything important?"
Boss: "No. Did you get the data?"
Scorch: "Yeah, yeah, they searched me, but I – I hid the data pretty well."
Boss: "Where, exactly?"
Scorch: "Uh, you don't want to know."
Boss: "Roger that."
―Scorch and Boss, after rescuing Scorch 
Fi: "You can live without an arm, they can always bolt on a new one."
Boss: "What about my head?"
Fi: "Like I said, they can always replace nonessential parts."
Boss: "I love this guy. He'll make such great target practice."
―RC-8015 ("Fi") and RC-1138 ("Boss") banter 
"What a waste of good genes."
―Boss, after witnessing the death of a clone trooper 
Trooper: "Oh, one of the deluxe models, here to save us with your superior training."
Boss: "This deluxe model is the only thing standing between you and a bloody death, so you'd best be showing some respect, trooper."
―RC-1138 ("Boss"), responding to clone trooper on the Prosecutor 
"My boys are now going to show you how to do an extraction properly, so take notes because you might blink and miss it."
―RC-1138 ("Boss"), before undertaking a rescue mission with Omega Squad 
RC-1140 (a.k.a. "Fixer")
Fixer: "Blast! Get that Wookiee out of the fire area!"
Scorch: "Okay, you tell him to retreat, Fixer."
Fixer: "Uh...negative on that."
―RC-1140 (Fixer) and RC-1262 (Scorch) 
Fixer: "There's the core ship, sir!"
Scorch: "Are you sure, Forty? I mean, maybe there's another around the corner."
―RC-1140 (Fixer) and RC-1262 (Scorch), upon seeing the sizable enemy vessel 
Fixer: "Even a Weequay could use this."
Scorch: "That's the whole idea, genius. You ought to suggest that to Merr-Sonn as an advertising slogan."
―Fixer and Scorch evaluate a new Merr-Sonn Munitions grenade 
RC-1207 (a.k.a. "Sev")
RC-1207 ("Sev") quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/RC-1207
RC-1262 (a.k.a. "Scorch")
RC-1262 ("Scorch") quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/RC-1262
RC-1309 (a.k.a. "Niner")
"There's three things you should never believe – weather forecasts, the canteen menu, and intel."
―RC-1309 ("Niner") 
Niner: "Now what are you listening to?"
Fi: "Mon Cal opera, I'm improving my mind."
Niner: "Liar. I can see you nodding to the beat."
―RC-1309 ("Niner") and RC-8015 ("Fi") 
"We could always wait until they die of liver failure. Save the ammo."
―RC-1309 ("Niner"), scouting drunken militiamen on Qiilura 
"That's the Grand Army for you. See the galaxy, meet fascinating new species, and snack on them."
―Fi Skirata 
RC-3222 (a.k.a. "Atin")
Atin: "Dar, you actually like thieving stuff, don't you?"
Darman: "It's not stolen. It's differently procured."
―Atin and Darman, deciding on how to get a speeder during their mission to Gaftikar 
RC-5108/8843 (a.k.a. "Corr")
"It's so flawed that it looks as if all they're trying to do is to maroon as many generals in as many stupid places with inadequate support as they can."
―Republic Commando Corr comments on the overall strategy of the Clone Wars 
RD-RR
RD-RR: "Hey, I got another joke for you. How did the space pilot stay so clean?"
Droid: "I don't know. How?"
RD-RR: "He flew through a meteor shower! HAR HAR HAR!"
―RD-RR, attempting to amuse a prototype droid 
Reck Desh
Han: "If I were you, I'd start rethinking my loyalties."
Reck: "Loyalties? What's loyalty worth on the open market?" [laughs] "Guys like you break me up, Han. Profiteers without the guts to change sides suddenly calling themselves patriots. I know who's coming out on top in this one, and I'll do whatever I have to, to live happily ever after."
Han: "You're talking treason, Reck."
Reck: "I speak it fluently, friend."
―Han Solo and Reck Desh 
Red-Eye Baldarek
Kyle: "And it's all strictly legit?"
Red-Eye: "As legitimate as anything on Nar Shaddaa, Mr. Just-A-Guy."
―Kyle Katarn and Chiss bartender Baldarek 
Kyle: "I'm no Jedi. I'm just a guy with a lightsaber and a few questions."
Red-Eye: "Of course. Many peoples have them."
Kyle: "Lightsabers?"
Red-Eye: "Questions."
―Kyle Katarn and Baldarek 
"Please, noble Jedis! Not in the faces!"
―Red-Eye Baldarek, begging for mercy with bad grammar 
Reegas Vance
Khedryn: "I don't cheat, Reegas."
Reegas: "No wonder you never win."
―Khedryn Faal and Reegas Vance, shortly before a game of sabacc 
Reen Irana
"Keep this in mind – the Hutts have no words in their language for 'thank you.' The best they can manage is Bargon u noa-a-uyat che tah guma – Your services will be rewarded."
―Reen Irana 
Remis Vehn
Anakin: "Let me explain something to you. My name is Anakin Solo, and this is my friend Tahiri Veila. We are Jedi Knights, some of the people you came here to betray to the Yuuzhan Vong. If you lie to us, we'll know it. If you try to keep something from us, we'll find it out. The only uncertain factor is how much we'll have to damage you to do so."
Remis Vehn: "They were right. You Jedi and your high-minded ideals — it's all smoke screen."
Anakin: "Next time I'm trying to capture children for Yuuzhan Vong sacrifices, I'll be sure to have a talk about 'high-minded ideals' with you."
―Anakin Solo, with Remis Vehn, trapped on Yavin 4 
Renz
"You Rebel scum."
―Lieutenant Renz, capturing Han Solo's strike team 
Reti
Adi: "Shooting Star hailing Know-It-All. Do you copy?"
Reti: "Know-It-All copies." [clears throat] "Who sells egg-seeds on Coruscant?"
Adi: [sighs] "You know who sent me. Do we really need passcodes?"
Reti: "Um, yes. Who sells egg-seeds on Coruscant?"
―Adi Gallia and Reti, meeting in the Karthakk system 
Revan
Revan quotes, now in excess of 30, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Revan
Rexrax Shool
Shool: "First and foremost, Xim, Son of Xer, you are charged with causing the extermination and extinction of nine sentient species."
Xim: "Nine? I know I spaced more than that."
Shool: "Among them the Qadel, the Ermi, the Veeza, and the Zoa'mon..."
Xim: "Slavers all. I did the galaxy a favor."
Shool: "The soothsisters of Pelgrin—"
Xim: "Their Oracle claimed my empire was doomed. Such a prophecy could have wreaked widespread panic, even galactic war."
Shool: "And lastly the Klee, the Izi, the Orrananans, and the Thrella."
Xim: "With the Izi... perhaps I went too far. But I'm not the only one who loathed their poetry."
―Xim the Despot, put on trial in the play Evocar 
Rhondi Tremaine
Ben: "How do you feel? Better than you look, I hope."
Rhondi: "That's nice." [turns to Luke] "If you want grandchildren someday, you need to have a conversation with your son about how to talk to the ladies."
―Ben Skywalker and Rhondi Tremaine 
Ric Olié
"Enemy fighters straight ahead."
―Ric Olié 
"Coruscant… the capital of the Republic… the entire planet is one big city."
―Ric Olié 
Rik Duel
Rik Duel: "Han, you got yourself some pretty impressive allies, the day you joined the Rebellion."
Han Solo: "Joined? What joined? Who joined? What kind of a pirate do you think I am?"
―Rik Duel and Han Solo 
Rillao
"Are you going to let a little thing like a rip through space-time slow you down?"
―Rillao, to Luke Skywalker 
Risha Drayen
"This is what happens when you rely on people's greed and stupidity. It works."
―Risha 
Risha: "All we need are the right sensors to locate it. The catch is, the only person I know with access to those sensors is someone who hates me."
Captain: "Someone hates you? But you're so... likeable."
Risha: "Try not to slip on your own sarcasm. I wouldn't want you to break anything—yet."
―Risha and the Smuggler Captain, searching for a hidden astrogation chart on Taris 
Roa
Roa: "You told me you were out of the business, running a collection agency. Han Solo Associated, wasn't it? The next thing I hear, you've won the Battle of Yavin single-handed."
Han: "Not true. I had help."
Roa: "Let's see, then I heard that you'd had yourself encased in carbonite — for posterity, I assumed at the time."
Han: "Actually, I was thinking of marketing molds of myself."
―Roa and Han Solo, reuniting on Coruscant 
Roan Fel
Darth Kruhl: "I am prepared to die."
Roan Fel: "Good. I'm prepared to kill you."
―Darth Kruhl and Roan Fel, on Bastion 
Roan Shryne
"Skywalker, it won't matter if you find them. It won't matter if you kill every Jedi who survived Order Sixty-Six. I understand now...the Force will never die."
―Roan Shryne's last words 
Roan Shryne: "The voice is familiar…"
Climber: "The face even more so."
―Roan Shryne and Climber exchange an old joke regarding clone troopers upon meeting on Murkhana 
Rogun Matt'rik
Rogun: "You lost a blaster shipment of mine some time back. And I don't remember ever getting an apology. How about it, Captain, you know how to say 'I'm sorry'?"
Captain: "I'm s... I'm sor... I am... incredibly good-looking! Nope. Can't."
―Rogun the Butcher and the Smuggler Captain 
Rohlan Dyre
"That's the way you like it, Jedi—isn't it? So save your Republic—but who'll save the Republic from you?"
―Rohlan Dyre, to Malak 
"I know what real Mandalorians think. Sure, we didn't like to see the clans being beaten by Jedi—but we weren't humiliated, and we're not jealous. We're just annoyed at the people who lost. They bring a bigger gun? You fight harder. They bring the Force? You fight harder! If Mandalore the Indomitable had wanted to defeat Ulic Qel-Droma—he should have been more indomitable!"
―Rohlan Dyre, recording an entry in Demagol's personal journal after helping defeat him 
Gryph: "What are you, some kind of deserter? I didn't think your big warrior clans had deserters."
Rohlan: "We don't! We just have glorious dead—and the soon-to-be glorious dead."
―Marn Hierogryph and Rohlan Dyre, a Mandalorian 
Rokko
"I should have known better than to trust a human."
―Rokko the Hutt, to Jax Pavan 
Rokur Gepta
"You have put up a valiant and brilliantly conceived fight, sir, but one which you shall inevitably lose, if only because I am willing to throw half the resources of civilization at you, should it prove necessary. I could bury you with dead bodies, and fill this entire nebula with the wrecks of ships, and I will."
―Rokur Gepta, to Lando Calrissian, during the Battle of ThonBoka 
"Evasion or failure, on the part of any officer, at any level, to comply swiftly with this direct order will be punishable by summary revocation of all rank and privileges, judiciary and ceremonial impoverishment and sale into bondage of all family members within five degrees of consanguinity, and for the perpetrator himself, slow mutilation and death upon public display. I, Rokur Gepta, Sorcerer of Tund, command it."
―Rokur Gepta, conveying orders to his fleet 
"General Order
While it should not be necessary to instruct officers of the line in their duties, some question has arisen as to the advisability of their writing their own orders upon no other discretion than the wish to preserve their ship or their personal interpretation of their purposes in being here.
To resolve these uncertainties, and as an example for future individualists, the commanding officers of the Intractable, the Upright, and the Vainglorious are hereby stripped of rank, along with their seconds in command. Said command will revert to the third officer in succession, and the six above-mentioned personnel will be placed unprotected in an airlock, which shall be evacuated into empty space.
By the authority of Rokur Gepta, Sorcerer of Tund."
―Memo sent by Rokur Gepta to the fleet blockading the ThonBoka, after three captains request permission to move their ships 
Ronhar Kim
Dox: "General, the enemy's advancing. There are only nine of us left. Any orders?"
Kim: "Take out as many of them as you can. Die well."
Dox: "Copy that."
―Clone Commander Dox and Ronhar Kim 
Rookie One
Rookie One: "Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?"
Ru Murleen: "Shut up."
―Rookie One and Ru Murleen shortly after leaving the Epsilon Four 
Rootrock
"This war is not the first time I have encountered Jedi. When I was younger, I saw one in action against six raiders in my village. He pleaded with them to surrender — to allow him to be merciful. They refused. The fight lasted four seconds."
―Rootrock, to Dass Jennir 
Rootrock: "My people have a saying—'Being brought low is the beginning of wisdom.'"
Jennir: "The Jedi also say that."
Rootrook: "Then it must be true."
―Rootrock and Dass Jennir 
Rowdy
"WE HAVE FOUR POTENTIAL TARGETS, AND WE HAVE ONLY FOUR REMAINING SHADOW BOMBS AND NO LASER CANNONS. IF THAT IS NOT CHALLENGE ENOUGH, I CAN ALWAYS SHUT DOWN ANOTHER ENGINE."
―Rowdy, going into battle with Jaina Solo 
"A STEALTHX EMITTING COMM WAVES IS NO LONGER A STEALTHX. IT IS JUST A POORLY ARMED, LIGHTLY ARMORED X-WING SAYING COME GET ME."
―Rowdy 
Jaina: "I don't need shields to take down a bunch of pirates."
Rowdy: "EXPERIENCE WOULD SUGGEST OTHERWISE."
―Jaina Solo and Rowdy, flying into battle 
Rowdy: "I FOUND VESTARA KHAI. SHE IS FLEEING INTO THE TEMPLE SUBSTRUCTURE, CURRENTLY ON LEVEL 30 CORRIDOR N300X."
Jysella: "The substructure? What the blazes is she doing down there?"
Rowdy: "RUNNING FOR HER LIFE."
―Rowdy and Jysella Horn, during the assault on the New Jedi Temple 
Ru Murleen
Rookie One: "Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?"
Ru Murleen: "Shut up."
―Rookie One and Ru Murleen shortly after leaving the Epsilon Four 
Rune Haako
Haako: "Have you ever encountered a Jedi knight before, sir?"
Gunray: "Well, no, but I don't, uh – seal off the bridge!"
Tey How: "Yes, sir!"
Haako: "That won't be enough, sir."
Gunray: "I want droidekas up here at once!"
Haako: [fatalistic] "We will not survive this."
―Rune Haako and Nute Gunray, trying to hold off Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Gunray: "Where are you going? Running will only make us appear guilty!"
Haako: "We are guilty!"
―Nute Gunray and Rune Haako, confronted with an angry General Grievous 
Rur
Rur: "Behold the vengeful remains of Rur, High Shaman of the Order of the Terrible Glare!"
Luke: "Oh."
―Luke Skywalker confronts Rur 
Ryland Dackett
Dackett: "Oh, and we should be fully deployed in about a minute."
Rusher: "Will you marry me, Master Dackett?"
Dackett: "Three wives is enough, sir. But if one of them dies, I'll let you know."
―Ryland Dackett and Jarrow Rusher 
Sa-Di
Sedriss QL: "And you, Sa-Di… They tell me you're calling for my execution for signing a treaty with Balmorra!"
Sa-Di: "That's not true, Sedriss. I have nothing but respect for your decisions!"
Sedriss QL: "Good—then you'll approve my decision to execute you!"
―Executor Sedriss QL and Sa-Di, immediately before the latter's bisection 
Saba Sebatyne
"Jedi Solo, where are you going?"
"With Han, to get our daughter back."
"What about the order?"
"What order?"
―Saba Sebatyne and Leia Organa Solo 
Kyp: "Okay. But we need a backup plan, because we're never going to get to Han and Luke without the Dark Nest knowing. Those bugs are good."
Saba: "Good? You spent too much of your life in the spice minez, Kyp Durron. There is too much methane in them. They taste like a—"
Leia: "I think he meant they were skilled observers, Master Sebatyne. I'm sure that Master Durron has never actually eaten a Gorog."
Saba: "No? Not even a little one?"
―Kyp Durron, Saba Sebatyne and Leia Organa Solo 
Saba: "This one is a hunter. This one does not know how to defend or flee."
Danni: "This one is a scientist. This one didn't used to know how to kill."
Saba: "Danni can return to using human grammar now."
―Saba Sebatyne and Danni Quee 
"Thiz one is perhapz too ferocious for a documentary children will watch."
―Saba Sebatyne, to Kenth Hamner on being the subject of a possible Jedi documentary 
Leia: "That's a very fine line to walk. To an outsider, it may not seem like there's a line at all."
Saba: "That is why we are Jedi and they are not."
―Leia Organa Solo and Saba Sebatyne 
Corran: "Saba has the true elite force here. What I wouldn't give for a roster made up of Jedi…"
Saba: "A pity you humanz lack the advantage of hatchmatez."
Corran: "Hatching Jedi. Now that's an interesting idea."
Saba: "I can testify that it workz."
―Corran Horn and Saba Sebatyne, on the Wild Knights squadron and Barabel mating customs 
Jagged: "Just tell me I'm going to live long enough to see Jaina."
Saba: "This one does not look into the future. It is more fun to be surprised."
―Jagged Fel and Saba Sebatyne, during the assault on the New Jedi Temple 
Saesee Tiin
"I'm hard-headed. It is my greatest strength. And my strength has never failed me."
―Jedi Master Saesee Tiin 
Salculd
Han Solo: «How does all go?»
Salculd: «All is well, Honored Solo. At least until the next subsystem flips out.»
Han Solo: [muttering] "Wonderful." [out loud] «Everything be well, Honored Dracmus?»
Dracmus: «Fine, fine, all is fine, until we crash and die.»
―Han Solo, Dracmus, and Salculd, aboard a heavily damaged coneship over Selonia 
Salla C'airam
Salla: "You're barred from this establishment! Permanently! Don't ever show your faces around here again!"
Zuckuss: "Don't worry about that. The drinks were terrible, anyway."
―Cantina owner Salla C'airam exchanges words with the bounty hunter Zuckuss 
Salla: "What is the meaning of this? It's an outrage? It's impossible! It's—"
Zuckuss: "It's business."
―Salla C'airam exchanges words with Zuckuss after the latter had smuggled a live blaster into Salla's cantina 
Salla Zend
Salla: "By the way, who's the lady?"
Leia: "Leia. Han and I are married."
Salla: "My condolences, dear... Han's great fun but he's a scoundrel... he'll break your heart."
―Leia meets Han Solo's old girlfriend 
Samuel Tomas Gillespee
Gillespee: "I'm telling you, that new clone system they've got going is really creepy."
Karrde: "How so?"
Gillespee: "What do you mean, how so? I don't happen to think people should come off of an assembly line, thanks. And if they did, I sure as mynocks wouldn't put the Empire in charge of the factory."
―Gillespee and Karrde discussing Thrawn's new clones 
San Hill
San Hill: "Most of your internal organs are damaged beyond the repair of the finest surgeons. And you will have to surrender even more than you already have. You will no longer know the pleasures of the flesh."
Grievous: "Flesh is weak. You need only gaze on me to see that."
―San Hill and Grievous, before his full transformation into a cyborg 
Sarasu Taalon
Taalon: "I'm aware that you Jedi don't place the same value on discipline as we Sith do, but surely when a father gives a command, he expects his son to obey."
Luke: "That works for you? With teenagers? I hope you don't expect me to believe that."
―Sith High Lord Sarasu Taalon and Jedi Grand Master Luke Skywalker 
Taalon: "When our work together is done, I'm very much looking forward to killing you."
Luke: "We all need a dream, Lord Taalon."
―Sarasu Taalon and Luke Skywalker 
Ben: "It was the smoke. I picked it up on the Shadow's sensors and thought there might be a…a problem."
Taalon: "A fight, you mean. And so you crossed the ridge on foot, because you thought we would still be in combat…an hour later?"
Ben: "Well, yeah. There are two of you, so I thought it would take Dad a while to finish you off."
Luke: "Your lack of faith hurts me. Clearly, we need to elevate your training sessions."
―Sith High Lord Sarasu Taalon, Ben Skywalker, and Luke Skywalker 
"A sharp arrow is worthless if it doesn't fly true."
―Sarasu Taalon, responding to Ben Skywalker at the Pool of Knowledge 
Sarkkin
Sarkkin: «They're boarding us! Here they come!»
Panha: "You're a Wookiee. Go tear their arms off."
Sarkkin: «What if they don't have arms?»
Panha: "Just tear things off until they can't fight anymore!"
―Panha and Sarkkin, as their ship is being boarded 
Panha: "There's a funny smell that's getting worse and... well, I am pretty sure it's not me."
Sarkkin: «Do you remember what happened the last time I had a bath?»
Panha: "Yep. Instead of just being smelly, you were wet and smelly."
Sarkkin: «I'm warning you. If you keep complaining, I will take a bath.»
―Panha and Sarkkin aboard the Pythea 
Sarro Xaj
Farfalla: "Reading life-forms inside the building. Looks like…three."
Xaj: "Only three? This might be too easy."
Farfalla: "Don't count on that."
―Valenthyne Farfalla and Sarro Xaj, shortly before being killed in combat with two Sith Lords 
Sate Pestage
Soontir: "I don't plan on dying, but if I do, I die a free man."
Pestage: "Dead is dead, free or not. The Empire gave you everything you are."
―Soontir Fel and Sate Pestage 
Satele Shan
Konshi: "But if I fail—"
Satele: "Metaphorically speaking, if is the smallest word in the Galactic Standard lexicon, yet it stands between us and our greatest dreams. Let it be a bridge, Shigar. It's time you crossed it. I will be waiting for you on the other side."
―Shigar Konshi and Grand Master Satele Shan 
Satine Kryze
Satine: "Where exactly are you?"
Obi-Wan: "Listen for the loud, metallic clanging sound. That would be the machine about to smash me into bits."
―Duchess Satine Kryze, attempting to rescue Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Satine: "I suppose we're even now."
Obi-Wan: "Oh, how so?"
Satine: "I saved your life. You saved mine."
Obi-Wan: "Yes, well, mine was the more daring of the two rescues."
―Duchess Satine Kryze and Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Saul Karath
Karath: "What in blazes is going on down here?!"
Jarael: "Oh. Hello again. Is this the Coruscant Tourist Information Center?"
―Admiral Saul Karath and Jarael, after she crashes her ship into the landing bay of the Swiftsure 
"Defeat is not a career opportunity, Morvis—it's just defeat. The last soldier alive is always Supreme Commander of his own forces. It's hardly worth a parade."
―Saul Karath 
Scorch
Scorch: "Hold it right there, Captain!"
Captain: "Is that a hairstyle, or did a womp rat die on your head?"
Scorch: "Did you just... what... who do.... shut up!"
―The Smuggler Captain, mocking Scorch 
Scourge
Surik: "I'm not letting you out of my sight, if you meet with her, Tee-Three and I had better go with you."
Scourge: "Ridiculous! I would never be so insulting as to bring one of my personal slaves into a meeting with someone of Nyriss's rank."
Surik: "Then you'd better think of something fast, because if this all goes sour, I'm going to whip out my lightsaber and start chopping off heads."
―Meetra Surik and Lord Scourge 
Scourge: "I am surprised that once your Council finishes its brainwashing, any Jedi has a spine left to oppose the Emperor. Perhaps you are young enough to still cultivate the strength of the Sith."
Jedi: "If you came here to turn me to the dark side, you'll be disappointed."
Scourge: "I came to defeat the Emperor. Turning you to the dark side is purely for my own amusement."
―Lord Scourge and the Hero of Tython 
Nyriss: "Have you ever heard tales of the Emperor's childhood?"
Scourge: "I don't even know what planet he's from."
Nyriss: "Few people do. He's hidden his past, because if the truth came to light none would follow him."
―Darth Nyriss and Scourge, plotting against the Sith Emperor 
"I understand why your Council controls you. What I'll never comprehend is why you let them."
―Lord Scourge 
"When you have lived centuries, you see that everything is a pattern that grows out of itself. Sometimes you can no longer see the trees, only the roots. It is the smallest part of the price of immortality."
―Lord Scourge 
Sedriss QL
Sedriss QL: "And you, Sa-Di… They tell me you're calling for my execution for signing a treaty with Balmorra!"
Sa-Di: "That's not true, Sedriss. I have nothing but respect for your decisions!"
Sedriss QL: "Good—then you'll approve my decision to execute you!"
―Executor Sedriss QL and Sa-Di, immediately before the latter's bisection 
Seha Dorvald
Dorvald: "I'm embarrassed that I had a crush on Jacen Solo."
Octa: "Don't be. He was a good, thoughtful Jedi for many years. And a nice-looking one. Took after his father. I had a crush on his father once upon a time."
Dorvald: "You didn't."
Octa: "Yes. And just think of the chores you'll find yourself doing if you mention that to anyone."
―Seha Dorvald and Octa Ramis 
Reporter: "Why'd you choose here to turn yourself in?"
Dorvald: "I was going to end up here anyway. I understand Natasi wants to chat with me. Maybe we'll talk about boys, or I can give her some good political advice."
―Seha Dorvald and a news reporter, as Dorvald turns herself in at the Senate building 
Dorvald: "I can pretend to be living a normal life occasionally, can't I? For an hour?"
Kyp: "Nah."
Ramis: "You're fooling yourself."
―Seha Dorvald, Kyp Durron and Octa Ramis, after Dorvald returns from a date with Javon Thewles 
Serku
Mirta: "Touch me again, chakaar, and I'll ram this into your carotid artery."
Serku: "I haven't got one."
Mirta: "Then I'll have to keep stabbing you until I find somewhere else that bleeds copiously."
―Mirta Gev, responding to a Hamadryas bodyguard's rough treatment by holding a vibroblade to his neck 
Shada D'ukal
Karrde: "In space, the job of rescuing them will become much more complicated."
Shada: "I see that. But it will be more complicated yet if they blow us out of the sky."
Karrde: "Shada, when will you learn to trust my instincts? When have I ever gotten you killed?"
Shada: "You have a point there, I suppose."
―Talon Karrde and Shada D'ukal, near Yavin 4 
Shadday Potkin
"However powerful, Vader is one, and we are many. No more debate. No more 'reflection.' No need of planning. Our prey comes to us. When he is dead, the Emperor will be crippled and know fear. And the galaxy will know the Jedi live."
―Shadday Potkin 
Shado Vao
Shado: "You've failed your mission, Sith. The Princess is dead."
Talon: "Dead or alive, she will serve. With you and the others also dead, there will be no one to tell Roan Fel his daughter has died. We will entice him out."
Shado: "Your plan has a flaw. It assumes you can kill me."
―Shado Vao duels Darth Talon 
Sha'kel
Kaye: "Commander Sha'kel."
Sha'kel: "Princess."
Kaye: "I promised this man your head. It's lucky you like pain. Because this is going to hurt."
―Kaye Galfridian and Arbeloa confront Commander Sha'kel during the mutiny on the Tsam P'ah 
Sha'kel: "You are tiny. How were you able to overpower a Yuuzhan Vong warrior?"
Kaye: "I was trying to defend myself. I stabbed him. He told me to do it again and laughed when I did. But the third time, he didn't laugh. He just bled."
―Sha'kel, trying to figure out how a Human killed a Yuuzhan Vong warrior 
Shalera
"I never eat my guests—at least not without tea, and you've just missed that."
―Shalera the Hutt 
Shalla Nelprin
Janson: "I'm coming back to Rogue Squadron. That was the deal."
Wedge: "Wes, the Wraiths don't want you anyway."
Elassar: "That's right. You're unlucky."
Dia: "I hate how serious he is all the time."
Runt: "We don't like the way he chews his food."
Shalla: "But we'll miss his rear end."
―Wraiths, upon Wes Janson's departure from the squadron 
Face: "Forgive the intrusion, but we heard that the new vintage of Piggy was being decanted."
Lara: "But it looks like it's turned to vinegar."
Dia: "And it's corked."
Elassar: "I am pleased to meet you. I need you to kill me. Nobody else will."
Janson: "To make sure you remember this little event, we've had some special things made up for you. Bacta-flavored candy. Bacta-flavored brandy. Bacta-flavored cheese."
Shalla: "Kell and I worked up an instructional manual for you. It's called, How to Dodge."
―Voort "Piggy" saBinring receives a warm welcome from his squadmates after emerging from a bacta tank 
Sharad Hett
"The hunter becomes the hunted. It's almost poetic, if it wasn't so cliche."
―Sharad Hett 
Sharr Latt
Sharr: "No, she can't."
Piggy: "Yes, she can."
Sharr: "I'm the psychological warfare expert here, and I say she can't."
Piggy: "I'm three times your mass, and can take off your head with a single bite, and I say she can."
―Sharr Latt and Voort saBinring 
Shen Matale
Ahlan: "There you are, Shen!"
Shen: "Father!"
Rahasia: "Mr. Matale!"
Nurik: "Rahasia!"
Rahasia: "Father!"
Shen: "Mr. Sandral!"
Ahlan: "Nurik!"
Nurik: "Ahlan!"
―Ahlan Matale, finding Shen and Rahasia 
Shens
Tohm: "You and Shens go ahead. I'll only get in your way."
Gentis: "I doubt it. They'll be so busy looking at your uniform, they won't even notice your face."
Shens: "Or you'll get sympathy affection. Either way, you win."
―Laurita Tohm, Caul Gentis, and Shens, out on the prowl 
Shigar Konshi
Konshi: "But if I fail—"
Satele: "Metaphorically speaking, if is the smallest word in the Galactic Standard lexicon, yet it stands between us and our greatest dreams. Let it be a bridge, Shigar. It's time you crossed it. I will be waiting for you on the other side."
―Shigar Konshi and Grand Master Satele Shan 
Chratis: "You waste time."
Konshi: "You waste lives."
Chratis: "Humans are replaceable. Seconds are not."
―Darth Chratis and Padawan Shigar Konshi 
Shimrra Jamaane
"Have you any specific recommendations concerning this crisis? Kill the heretics is final, but lacks detail."
―Supreme Overlord Shimrra Jamaane 
"All things are forgiven in victory."
―Shimrra Jamaane 
Shimrra: "Answer me honestly, Prefect, do you believe in the gods? Bear in mind: honestly."
Nom Anor: "August Lord, I... remain open to belief."
Shimrra: "If there was some benefit to believing, you mean."
Nom Anor: "I follow the example set by the priests, Lord."
Shimrra: "Are you suggesting, Prefect, that our priests are not acting out of the goodness of their hearts?"
Nom Anor: "Lord, I have seen many hearts, and few showed evidence of goodness."
Shimrra: "Clever. That's the word everyone who knows you or who has had dealings with you uses – clever."
―Supreme Overlord Shimrra and Nom Anor 
Ship
Ship: "I see you, Jedi Solo."
Jaina: "I see you, big ugly orange-red thing."
―Ship and Jaina Solo encounter each other for the first time 
Shmi Skywalker
Anakin: "I don't want things to change."
Shmi: "But you can't stop the change, any more than you can stop the suns from setting."
―Anakin Skywalker and Shmi Skywalker, as Anakin prepares to leave his home on Tatooine 
Shohta Laar
"During our short time together, one of the things that Mahdi repeated to me many times is that it is a journalist's duty to report the story, not to interfere with it. I hope that, just this once, you will forgive me for disobeying her."
―Production assistant Shohta Laar, as he knocks Belok Rhal unconscious immediately after the latter murdered Madhi Vaandt 
Shu Mai
Shu Mai: "We were promised a reward—a handsome reward…"
Vader: "I am your reward; you don't find me handsome?"
―Shu Mai pleads with Darth Vader, before he kills her 
Shug Ninx
Shug Ninx: "Heard you killed Jabba... nobody kills a Hutt and lives!"
Han Solo: "Yeah, well... actually my wife did it."
―Shug Ninx and Han Solo 
Sienn Sconn
Sconn: "One man can't make a difference."
Cavv: "Maybe not, but without that first man to stand up, you would never have a second, or a third, or a fourth."
―Cavv and Sconn 
Sconn: "What you're proposing is suicide."
Cavv: "You said you'd help."
Sconn: "That's because when you asked me to assist you in 'acquiring' a ship for the Republic, you neglected to mention it was going to be an Imperial Star Destroyer."
Cavv: [looks at floor]
Sconn: "Either the ghost of the Emperor just materialized under our table, or there's another point of interest you haven't told me about."
Cavv: "Well, technically this ship isn't a Star Destroyer."
Sconn: "Thank the Force for small favors."
Cavv: "It's really more of a Super Star Destroyer."
―Cavv and Sconn 
Cavv: "It's a very strange business we're in, nephew. You steal a wallet and you get tossed in jail. You steal a man's wife and you get a bloody nose. But you steal something large enough, you get famous. A Super Star Destroyer! This will make us the greatest thieves who ever lived."
Sconn: "Or we'll die trying."
Cavv: "You know, you've been nothing but negative since we started this trip."
―Cavv and Sconn 
Sigel Dare
"The First Empire learned to its sorrow that the Mon Calamari do not simply lie down and die. Darth Krayt will learn it as well."
―Sigel Dare 
Simon Greyshade
Greyshade: "Strom? What's this all about? One of the casinos forget to let you win?"
Strom: "Commander Strom to you, Greyshade."
Greyshade: "And Senator Greyshade to you, Commander. The Emperor may have dissolved that august office, but I still like the title... even if I did put it to dubious use."
―Simon Greyshade and Commander Strom, meeting at the Wheel 
"Nature seems to have compensated for his lack of hair by making him exceptionally thick-headed."
―Senator Simon Greyshade, describing Commander Strom 
Sinick Kritkeen
Dengar: "It's a nice night to die, isn't it?" [Kritkeen looks around] "Here I am."
Kritkeen: "Who are you?"
Dengar: "This is to be a routine assassination. By the book. You may already know the routine. Under Section 2127 of the Imperial Code, I am required to notify you that I have been hired to conduct a legal assassination in order to atone for crimes against humanity committed by you."
―Dengar, before killing Sinick Kritkeen 
Sintas Vel
Pizztov: "Let me go with the canister and I won't kill this annoying female."
Boba Fett: "No. Kill her. I don't care."
Vel: "Same deal here."
Annoying female: "Hey!"
―Pizztov, Boba Fett, Sintas Vel, and an annoying female in the middle of a firefight 
Sio Bibble
"A communications disruption can mean only one thing: invasion."
―Sio Bibble 
Sionver Boll
Dr. Boll: "The fact remains that the beast is indestructible."
Palpatine: "Nothing is truly indestructible, Doctor."
―Dr. Sionver Boll and Palpatine, examining the captured Zillo Beast 
Sirak
Sirak: "Listen to me. I'll serve you, I'll do anything you command. You can use me. I can help you. Please, Bane—have mercy!"
Bane: "Those who ask for mercy are too weak to deserve it."
―Sirak, begging to Darth Bane before being killed 
Siri Tachi
Obi-Wan: "If you ever get tired of being a Jedi, you'd make an amazing queen."
Siri: "And you'd make a terrible king. Royal regal sons?"
Obi-Wan: "I was trying to sound pompous."
Siri: "Do you really think you need to try?"
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Siri Tachi, posing as the king and queen of Cortella 
Sissalik
"As we say on Mon Calamari, swim where you want, but excrete in your own pool."
―Sissalik 
The Sith Emperor
Sith Emperor: "Finish this, Angral. I command it."
Angral: "With pleasure, my Master."
Kira: "What.. what was that? I felt… the Emperor…"
Angral: "You are his Child. His eyes, his ears… his weapon to command. Come, Child, fight by my side. It's where you belong."
Kira: "I'd rather jump out an airlock naked."
―The Sith Emperor, speaking through Kira Carsen to Darth Angral 
Hero of Tython: "If you kill everyone in the galaxy, you'll be Emperor of nothing. What's the point of all this?"
Sith Emperor: "You discern a fraction of reality. Beyond these stars exist other galaxies, other worlds, other beings. I will experience or ignore them as I wish. I will spend eternity becoming everything: a farmer, an artist, a simple man. When the last living thing in the universe finally dies, I will enjoy peace and wait for the cycle to begin again."
―The Hero of Tython and the Sith Emperor 
Skadge
"Got bored. Do it yourself!"
―Skadge, returning from an unsuccessful mission 
Slish Fondine
"This is the fourth time this year someone's been caught cheating. We may have to look into a stronger deterrent than the death penalty."
―Slish Fondine 

Slyssk
Slyssk: "I've heard it all my life. 'How did your egg get into the nest, Slyssk?'"
Gryph: "I understand. Kids can be cruel."
Slyssk: "What kids? That was my mother!"
―Slyssk and Marn Hierogryph 
Sol Sixxa
Sol Sixxa: "You've seen too much, alien!"
Nym: "Quit whinin'. I don't even know what I'm lookin' at yet."
―Sol Sixxa attacking Nym after being stranded on the Invisible Island 
Solis
Fidelis: "Another game?"
Solis: "I think not."
Fidelis: "Are you sure? We could make it best nine hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and thirteen games out of one point nine million thirty-four thousand eight hundred and twenty-four."
―Fidelis's mathematical calculation circuits fail after winning too many games of dejarik over Solis 
Soontir Fel
"I am Captain Soontir Fel. I will teach you how to fly and how to survive. If you think you know better than me, all I can teach you to do is die."
―Soontir Fel, in his opening address to his class 
Han Solo: "We are clear to hyperspace. This will be the fastest ride you've ever had, Fel."
Soontir Fel: "Oh? I've reviewed the holos of your escape from Hoth."
Han Solo: "Imperial propaganda."
―Han Solo and Soontir Fel 
Soontir: "I don't plan on dying, but if I do, I die a free man."
Pestage: "Dead is dead, free or not. The Empire gave you everything you are."
―Soontir Fel and Sate Pestage 
Sorro
Sorro: "Of course you've never lost everything."
Pellaeon: "Not everything, no. But I've had my share of losses."
Sorro: "What, promotions? The last dessert cube in the mess line?"
―Pilot Sorro and Admiral Gilad Pellaeon 
Spilferithimus-narlamos (a.k.a. "Spilfer")
"Us Squibs learn real good Basic. Study 'em up lots from examining plenty good garbage, you bet."
―Spilfer 
Spraug
Spraug: "My name is Spraug. It means fearless."
Leia: "You're shaking, Spraug."
Spraug: "It's just a name."
―Spraug and Leia Organa Solo start bargaining 
"Seriously? A Wookiee—with a lightsaber! That's just overkill."
―Spraug, on Lowbacca 
Starkiller
Vader: "Your feelings for her are not real."
Starkiller: "They are real to me!"
―Darth Vader and Starkiller, on Juno Eclipse 
STK-CLR stock-keeping droid
STK-CLR: "Your universal stocking code is not evident. Please display it for proper shelf assignment."
Ben: "I'm not a stock item."
STK-CLR: "Of course you are." [grabs Ben by wrists and ankles] "You came through the freight system."
Ben: "Not everything that comes through the freight system is a stock item." [gets lifted into the air] "Put me down! And that's an override command."
STK-CLR: "Stock items are not authorized to issue override commands." [sprays barcode on Ben's robe] "You have been marked DEFECTIVE UNIT. Present yourself to the routing station on the far side of the delivery portal for return to your supplier."
Ben: "Sure, whatever you want."
STK-CLR: "Good. And relay my displeasure to your manufacturer. This is the Jedi Temple. We have acceptance specifications."
―Ben Skywalker, running into a STK-CLR stock-keeping droid while infiltrating the Sith-occupied Jedi Temple via the freight system 
Stormtroopers
Stormtrooper quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Stormtrooper
Strom
Greyshade: "Strom? What's this all about? One of the casinos forget to let you win?"
Strom: "Commander Strom to you, Greyshade."
Greyshade: "And Senator Greyshade to you, Commander. The Emperor may have dissolved that august office, but I still like the title... even if I did put it to dubious use."
―Simon Greyshade and Commander Strom, meeting at the Wheel 
Sumalee
Captain: "Tell me someone's head is going to roll for this."
Sumalee: "This may shock you, but the Jedi Order doesn't generally encourage decapitation."
Guss Tuno: "Then why all the lightsabers?"
―A Republic privateer and crewmember Guss Tuno react to the Jedi Master Sumalee's failure to stop fugitive Bevera Dodonna 
Sunry
Sunry: "You think I'm some kind of monster, don't you? All I did was kill a Sith! How many Sith have you killed? Dozens? Hundreds? Thousands?"
Jolee: "That's different, Sunry, and you know it. We don't kill them in cold blood while they sleep."
―Jolee Bindo and Sunry 
Syal Antilles
Valin: "Hi Syal. My mom said to say your dress is pretty."
Syal: "It will be until Myri goops something on it. You don't have a little sister, do you?"
Valin: "No."
Syal: "Want one?"
―Valin Horn and Syal Antilles before the Wedding of Luke Skywalker and Mara Jade 
Syrtik
Jag: "Just follow our lead, okay? Right, now let's split up. Blues, you're with me."
Syrtik: "That's Indigo, actually."
Jag: "Sorry, Indigo. Twin Two will take Red."
Syrtik: "Cerise."
Jag: "All right, then that leaves Green for—"
Syrtik: "Reseda."
Jag: "Okay, then that leaves Reseda Squadron for the general approach."
―Jagged Fel, dealing with the pastel squadrons of Galantos 
T1-LB
"I AM A BULK LOADER. I MAY NOT KNOW WHAT MANY THINGS ARE IN YOUR WORLD—BUT I KNOW WHAT THEY WEIGH."
―T1-LB 
T3-M4
T3-M4: "Beep. Bee woop. Boo?"
3C-FD: "Beep bee. Boop bop beep."
T3-M4: "Reet-eet wee boo."
3C-FD: "Deee-reet. Deet, deet."
T3-M4: "Dee-deet tree-deet?"
3C-FD: "Beep boo weep. Twee twee."
―T3-M4 invites 3C-FD to join him in repairs of damaged Ebon Hawk 
T7-O1
«T7 = part of Jedi Order // T7 = wants lightsaber upgrade»
―T7-O1, working with the Jedi Hero of Tython 
Brrik: "Maybe little astromech donating spare parts?"
T7-O1: [extends a shock arm] «T7 = no spare parts // Jawa tries anything funny = Jawa gets shocked»
―Brrik the Jawa gets rebuked by T7-O1 
TA-175
Wat Tambor: "Droid, is the planet Ryloth one of our targeted worlds?"
TA-175: "Yes, Emir. Based on resources, accessibility, political influence and overall strategic value, it is currently ranked as number seventy-nine."
Wat Tambor: "Mobilize our troops. We are moving it to number one."
―Wat Tambor and TA-175 
Tadar'Ro
Tadar'Ro: "It is such a strange concept, to prophesy. To think that events are so firm. Like stone, rather than like wind and water and thought. And yet – he has seen things, and they have come to pass."
Ben: "Coincidence, or misinterpretation. People hear what they want to hear. Keep it vague enough, and a prophecy or prediction'll fit pretty much anything."
Tadar'Ro: "The young one speaks wisdom."
―Aing-Tii Tadar'Ro, discussing prophecy with Ben Skywalker 
Tahiri Veila
Tahiri Veila quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Tahiri Veila
Tahl
2JTJ: "Master Tahl! Please slow down! I must assist!"
Tahl: "Get lost! I'm in a hurry!"
2JTJ: "I cannot get lost, sir. I'm a navigation droid."
―2JTJ and Tahl 
Qui-Gon: "His security checks are flawless. His record is incredibly clean."
Tahl: "Yet he has no family. Never married or had children. And he sure moved around the galaxy."
Qui-Gon: "You could say all those things about me."
Tahl: "Well, you are a suspicious character."
―Jedi Masters Qui-Gon Jinn and Tahl, while investigating a starfighter saboteur suspect 
Talon Karrde
Talon Karrde quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Talon Karrde
Talzin (a.k.a. Mother Talzin)
"Men are easy to acquire, hard to control."
―Mother Talzin 
Tam Gozon
Stark: "This way. With luck, they'll kill each other."
Gozon: "And if they don't?"
Stark: "We'll shoot them from a distance."
―Iaco Stark and Tam Gozon, as they flee the meeting on Troiken 
Tanis Venn
HK-47: "Commentary: I say we blast the meatbag and save you the trouble, Master."
Tanis Venn: "What's with all the droids lately? My wife get to you, too?"
HK-47: "Negative. I just don't like organic meatbags. Except for the Master, of course."
―HK-47, opining on how to deal with Tanis Venn 
Tarn
Tarn: "Hey! Did that droid just call you a Jedi?"
Exile: "The droid is obviously malfunctioning. Do I look like a Jedi?"
Tarn: "Well, I suppose not. Your eyes aren't glowing and you don't have horns sticking out of your forehead. Heh, crazy droid..."
―Tarn and the Jedi Exile 
Tarsus Valorum
Valorum: "You saved my life. I can never repay you for what you have done, but if there is ever anything you want of me you need only ask."
Johun: "There is one thing. Hire yourself a kriffing security team."
―Jedi Knight Johun Othone, to former Supreme Chancellor Tarsus Valorum 
Taryn Zel
Zel: "Captain Solo? I'm waiting. Are you going to explain yourself?"
Han Solo: "I never explain myself. It's a bad habit."
―Taryn Zel and Han Solo 
Zel: "Not my fault, Solo. You're the one who said retract the struts first."
Han: "You hear me complaining?"
Zel: "As a matter of fact, yes. What is a three-fingered shenbit wrangler, anyway?"
Han: "Seven fingers too slow."
―Taryn Zel and Han Solo, taking damage during the evacuation of Ossus 
Tash Arranda
Zak: "Look up, Tash."
Tash: "There's no 'up' in space, laser brain."
―Zak and Tash Arranda 
Tatooine Visitors Bureau
"Situated in the Arkanis Sector of the Outer Rim Territories, the lovely world of Tatooine offers much to those seeking to leave their troubles behind them!"
―Tatooine Visitors Bureau 
"Walk Romantic Beggar's Canyon!
See the Ruins of the Jabba's Barge!
Follow the trails of the Ancient Tusken Raiders"
―Tatooine Visitors Bureau 
Taxtro Grave
Grave: "We're not here to fix the galaxy, Solo. We're just soldiers."
Brightwater: "Not even sure we're that anymore."
Han Solo: "I'm not here to fix the galaxy, either. I just want to fix a corner of it here and there. Rescuing our friend is one of those corners."
―Han Solo, dealing with two members of the Hand of Judgment group of stormtrooper deserters 
Teebo
«The fish swam swiftly in the brook,
until he met Teebo's hook!»
―Teebo, from his poem "Ode to a Fish" 
Raygar: "In fact, why should I hand it over to the Emperor…when I can use it to become Emperor myself? Who's there?"
Teebo: "Uhuhuh, bucket head droid… reporting for… cleanup duty… beep, beep, beep…"
Raygar: "I no longer have any need for droids. Especially when they're only… Ewoks in disguise!"
―Doctor Raygar and Teebo 
Kneesaa: "Keep the monster busy."
Teebo: "Keep it busy? What does she want us to do? Play Monopoly with it?"
―The Ewoks try to deal with a kradak 
Teebo: "What happened here?"
Kneesaa: "Oh, my last flower just... died."
Teebo: "Don't worry, Kneesaa. There are still plenty of other plants that you haven't killed yet."
―Teebo, consoling Princess Kneesaa in her dead garden 
Tenel Ka Djo
Jacen: "What do you call the person who brings a rancor its dinner?"
Tenel Ka: "I don't know."
Jacen: "The appetizer!"
Tenel Ka: "I will need you to explain why that's funny."
―Jacen Solo and Tenel Ka Djo 
Luke: "How many do you have to take with you when you just want to go to the refresher?"
Tenel: "In my own palace, none. In foreign palaces, a minimum of four."
Luke: "And if you're visiting Dathomir, where the only thing available is a bush?"
Tenel: "It's the best-defended bush within a dozen parsecs."
―Luke Skywalker and Tenel Ka Djo 
Jacen: "Hey, wanna hear a joke?"
Tenel Ka: "Only if you do not require me to laugh."
―Jacen Solo and Tenel Ka Djo 
Jacen: "The Force is too big."
Tenel Ka: "And this is what you learned in the five years you were gone?"
Jacen: "The core of it, yes."
Tenel Ka: "It took five years to learn that?"
Jacen: "There was a lot of travel time."
―Jacen Solo and Tenel Ka Djo 
Tenel Ka: "Perhaps you and I should check the evacuation after-reports while Princess Leia reaches out to Master Sebatyne."
Allana: "Okay. But I already know the after-reports are good."
Tenel Ka: "Because you felt it in the Force?"
Allana: "That, and I haven't heard any Corellian curse words."
―Tenel Ka Djo and Allana Solo, following the evacuation of Ossus Jedi Academy 
"Military planners always think the next big space battle will end the war. They're usually wrong."
―Tenel Ka Djo 
Jacen: "Say, what does an Imperial Star Destroyer wear to a formal occasion?"
Tenel Ka: "Why would Imperial Star Destroyers wear anything?"
Jacen: "Still don't quite have the hang of these jokes, do you? Come on, you know that's not the right response."
Tenel Ka: "Very well, what does an Imperial Star Destroyer wear to a formal occasion?"
Jacen: "A bow TIE!"
―Jacen Solo and Tenel Ka Djo 
Tera Sinube
"The value of moving slowly is that one can always clearly see the way ahead."
―Tera Sinube 
Rodian: "May I help you?"
Sinube: [mind trick] "We know where we're going."
Rodian: "You know where you are going."
Sinube: "We must be careful not to warn him."
Ahsoka: "But, Master, we don't know where we're going."
―Tera Sinube and Ahsoka Tano, searching for a suspect at the Spider Arms Hostel 
Tesar Sebatyne
Tesar: "On Nal Hutta, the Vong are invaderz. What doez one call them on Barab?"
Jaina: "Prey?"
―Tesar Sebatyne and Jaina Solo 
Tesar: "They like you."
Jagged: "Not as an appetizer, I hope."
Tesar: "Silly human. Hatchlingz don't need appetizerz. They are alwayz hungry."
―Tesar Sebatyne, introducing his hatchlings to Jagged Fel 
Testan ke Harran
Ben: "Do you wax your beard?"
Harran: "I do not."
Ben: "It just seems very shiny. Do you oil it?"
Harran: "I do not oil it. I condition it. And I brush it."
Ben: "Do you brush it with butter?"
―Ben Skywalker, testing his improvisational skills on Testan ke Harran while on a mission to Adumar 
Tetran Cowall
Cowall: "Am I speaking to the Ewok pilot?"
Wedge: "Yub, yub. Kettch here. Who talk?"
Cowall: "My name Fel. Fel want to fly with Kettch."
―Tetran Cowall (impersonating Soontir Fel) and Wedge Antilles (impersonating an Ewok) 
Thann Mithric
"I am an ethical Jedi. I only twist people's minds in the line of duty."
―Thann Mithric 
Thistleborn
Trioculus: "We will need a new, secret home base. I have yet to decide where. I will now hear your suggestions."
Dunhausen: "I suggest the planet Tatooine. We can take over the Mos Eisley spaceport!"
Trioculus: "That useless planet where Jabba the Hutt died? Do you think I want the Empire to waste its time eliminating sand people like the Tusken Raiders and those two-bit traders, the Jawas?"
Thistleborn: "Bespin! Let's take over Cloud City!"
Trioculus: "We already have a barge full of factories for building weapons and mining tibanna gas on Bespin. Besides, Cloud City isn't a fit place to train our troops."
Takel: "Dagobah?"
Trioculus: "You're wasting my time!"
Hissa: "Hoth?"
―Trioculus and the Central Committee of Grand Moffs 
Tholme
"I revere Qui-Gon, but he doesn't care that he looks like a bantha and smells like a Rodian! Not every word from his mouth is a pearl, despite what he himself may think."
―Tholme gives his opinion on Qui-Gon Jinn to Quinlan Vos 
Thorne Kraym
"Imperial Intelligence. Seems it's not the oxymoron we've always thought it was."
―Governor Thorne Kraym 
Thrackan Sal-Solo
Thrackan: "All right. General Antilles, acting as Chief of State and Minister of War for Corellia, I hereby order you to communicate with your daughter Syal and do your genuine best to persuade her to follow whatever course of action I recommend to her. Is that clear enough?"
Wedge: "Absolutely."
Thrackan: "And?"
Wedge: "Go to hell."
―Thrackan Sal-Solo and Wedge Antilles 
"Up until now I'd thought the Jedi were the most pompous, annoying gasbags in creation. But that was before I met you. You take the prize for the most preposterous, self-important, prolix fiasco I have ever seen. And on top of that—On top of that, sir, you are a fish! So sit down and shut up, before I take a harpoon to you!"
―Thrackan Sal-Solo, to Pwoe 
Thrackan: "General Antilles, acting as Chief of State and Minister of War for Corellia, I hereby order you to communicate with your daughter Syal and do your genuine best to persuade her to follow whatever course of action I recommend to her. Is that clear enough?"
Wedge: "Absolutely."
Thrackan: "And?"
Wedge: "Go to hell."
Thrackan: "Antilles, you've refused a direct order given during a military crisis, and I have it on record. Should I choose to, I can have security agents haul you away right now. I can conduct your trial within the hour and have you executed by morning."
Wedge: "Of course you can. You could also have me assassinated in a time of peace for having nicer hair than you. If I worried about that sort of thing, I'd never get any sleep."
―Thrackan Sal-Solo and Wedge Antilles 
Leia: "What's next? Lose the war and become the New Republic Chief of State?"
Thrackan: "My allegiance is to the Corellian system alone. And you'd be smart to curb that lightsaber tongue of yours, Princess Leia. An insult to the man is an insult to the office."
Leia: "Really? In this case, I should think it is the man himself who is the insult."
―Leia Organa Solo and Thrackan Sal-Solo, on Sal-Solo's election as the Governor-General of the Corellian sector 
Thrawn
Thrawn quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Thrawn
Thurm Loogg
"You may be asking yourself, 'Why did my viewscreen turn itself back on after I shut it down? Too much of a good thing can be dangerous! Why, as much as I love Thurm Loogg -- because I know how much the Cartel loves me, and all of Cularin -- I do not know how much I can watch of him. It is so much like taking a lick of sugar, then another, and finally pouring the entire bag of sugar in my mouth because it tastes so good, I just cannot stop. This is what Thurm Loogg is like to me! I know this, and so I turned my viewscreen off, and yet, it is on again! Why, oh why?'"
―Thurm Loogg 
"I must also regretfully inform you that the very popular image of the effulgent Thurm Loogg dressed as a Twi'lek dancing girl is not authentic. While the ceremonial lekku attached to my head are, in fact, ceremonial lekku attached to my head, it is the case that my head was removed from my body and attached to the body of a lithe young Twi'lek.
"Only in the picture, of course! It would be very uncomfortable, not to mention medically impossible, to actually remove my head and place it on another body. But what a laugh I had when I saw the picture for the first time! I must have laughed for minutes and minutes at the wonderful ingenuity of the people of Cularin. If only you spent as much time planning how to defend yourselves from invaders as you do playing with images of your friends from the Cartel, you might not get invaded so much."
―Thurm Loogg 
"I must warn you, however, that not all of the pictures of the frolicsome Thurm Loogg that you find on your holonet are authentic. For instance, the one in which Thurm Loogg appears to be in the process of courting a rancor — this is not a real picture! Strange as it may seem, I have never actually had dinner with a rancor. I am told their table manners are such that any occasion that requires formal attire is probably inappropriate for them, and as I would never dream of eating dinner in anything less than formal attire, I do not generally dine with rancors."
―Thurm Loogg 
Tiaan Jerjerrod
Jerjerrod: "We shall double our efforts."
Vader: "I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am."
―Moff Jerjerrod, reporting on construction delays to Darth Vader 
Vader: "The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation."
Jerjerrod: "But he asks the impossible! I need more men."
Vader: "Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives."
―Darth Vader and Moff Jerjerrod 
Tigran Jamiro
Tigran Jamiro: "Your tauntaun'll freeze before you reach the first marker!"
Han Solo: "Then I'll see you in hell!"
―Han Solo and Tigran Jamiro, before rescuing Luke Skywalker on Hoth 
Tionne Solusar
Tionne: "I must say, Commander, you are a most difficult man to track down."
Col Serra: "I find I generally live longer that way."
―Tionne Solusar and Commander Col Serra, upon meeting for the first time 
"As your Jedi training progresses, many causes will call for you to use your powers on their behalf. But how can you know if the cause is one you should champion? You must learn to listen to the Force, and the Force will guide you. Hate and mistrust, domination, revenge – even glory – these are not the things a Jedi fights for. A Jedi defends justice, protects the weak from tyranny, and rescues those in harm's way – but always with the guidance of the Force."
―Tionne Solusar, teaching at the Jedi Praxeum 
Tomer Darpen
Tomer: "Where's your other head?"
Hallis: "When I was walking around today, I met a young man who had no head. Just a stump that suggested he had a long, sad story to tell. But of course he couldn't, because he had no head. So I gave Whitecap to him. The man now has the voice and mannerisms of a 3PO unit, but they're better then nothing."
Tomer: "There. Now you've corrupted her, too."
―Tomer Darpen and Hallis Saper, discussing why she's no longer wearing her second head 
Darpen: "I was once a pilot. Briefly. Tierfon Yellow Aces. My talents lay elsewhere, though, so I ended up in a less violent service."
Janson: "His talents certainly did lie elsewhere. They weren't in landing. Tomer here made the Aces' list for a landing almost horrible enough to kill him two different ways. His Y-wing was shot to pieces and his repulsorlifts were dead. Had to land, though, or he'd never get dinner. Luckily we were based on a low-grav moon at the time, big long stretch of duracrete serving as a landing zone. All the other Y-wings clear off the landing zone and he lines up on it, descends toward it like he was landing an atmospheric fighter without repulsorlifts. Drops his skids as he gets close. The skids take the initial impact but he bounces, so he's like some sort of hop-and-grab insect all down the duracrete. But he's lucky enough that he stays top side up. Finally he's bled off a lot of momentum, but he loses control and his Y-wing rolls. Comes to a stop on its belly and he's safe. Then his ejector seat malfunctions and shoots him off toward space. With grav that low, he achieves escape velocity. We had to send a rescue shuttle up after him or he'd still be sailing through the void, one cold cadaver."
Darpen: "I saved the astromech. And the Y-wing was repairable."
Janson: "Sure. But seeing you as that wishbone skidded to a stop, seeing you sag in relief—and then, poof! you're headed toward the stars—"
Darpen: "As you can see, I've provided amusement for years."
―Tomer "Ejector" Darpen and Wes Janson, explain Darpen's nickname to Wedge Antilles 
Tomer: "The refresher. You'll be dealing with unfamiliar plumbing, which you'll probably think of as backworld stuff, so I'll need to show you how the devices work."
Hobbie: "A refresher course."
Janson: "You beat me to it."
―Tomer Darpen, helping to familiarize Rogue Squadron with their refresher and other amenities on Adumar 
Ton Phanan
Phanan: "A holdout, sir. A laser scalpel. Hard to distinguish from a writing tool without close inspection…and up close, I'm pretty effective with it."
Repness: "I'd say so. Did you surrender this weapon to our guards before coming before me?"
Phanan: "What weapon, sir?"
Repness: "The laser scalpel."
Phanan: "Not a weapon, sir. It's a tool of medicine. I wasn't asked to turn over my bandages, bacta treatments, disinfectant sprays, or tranquilizers either, but I can kill a man with any of them, under the right circumstances."
―Ton Phanan and Atton Repness 
Phanan: "Well, if he's as good a code-slicer and intrusion expert as he is a pilot, he's, well, mediocre. Sort of warms your heart, doesn't it? To know our lives are in the hands of a mediocre slicer?"
Tyria: "I think that you left the profession of medicine because it's your nature to make everyone feel worse about everything."
Phanan: "Ooh. I've been skewered. I will now take seventeen hours to reevaluate my life."
―Ton Phanan and Tyria Sarkin, speaking of Eurrsk Thri'ag 
Piggy: "Is he hurt?"
Phanan: "Everybody asks that. Nobody ever says, 'What a mess! I hope the doctor is not emotionally harmed by having to deal with it.'"
―Voort saBinring and Ton Phanan 
Phanan: "Can I walk you to your quarters?"
Tyria: "No!"
Phanan: "Can I help you with your things?"
Tyria: "No!"
Phanan: "What can I do for you?"
Tyria: "Shoot yourself!"
Phanan: "I've done that a couple of times. Shooting myself. Accidents. It's not fun."
―Ton Phanan and Tyria Sarkin 
"Tyria, I've just met you, and already I love you. And don't think I love you for your looks, which are stunning, or your body, which is stellar, or your manner, which is bold and inflames me with desire. No, I love you because I hear you're a Jedi in training, and I need all the powerful friends I can get."
―Ton Phanan, to Tyria Sarkin 
Tyria: "Some women see a man who is a mess, feel the urge to repair his problems, and then fall in love with him while they're working on him."
Tainer: "Emotional distress as an attractant. Say, Tyria, I have a sharp pain in my childhood memories."
Phanan: "What a terrible line. I wish I'd thought of it."
―Tyria Sarkin, Kell Tainer, and Ton Phanan, discussing Falynn Sandskimmer's interest in Myn Donos 
Phanan: "When you put this idea in front of him, flames are going to come out of his mouth and burn you from head to foot."
Face: "That's true. But one thing makes it easier for me to take."
Phanan: "What's that?"
Face: "You're going to be there burning with me."
Phanan: "You're such a good friend."
―Ton Phanan and Garik "Face" Loran on Wedge Antilles 
Tor Vizsla
Jango: "You'd better hope there's an afterlife, Vizsla."
Vizsla: "Hope is overrated, boy."
―Jango Fett and Tor Vizsla, during their final fight 
Torr Snapit
"I'm not a Jedi because I like the hum of the lightsaber in my hand…and I'm not a Jedi because I like being a Jedi. I'm a Jedi because the Galaxy needs Jedi."
―Torr Snapit 
Trachta
"You can trust enemies to attack. You never know what allies are planning."
―Trachta 
Trachta: "Think on this though — If we claim to serve the Empire, and Gentis declares the same, which of us is the traitor?"
Tohm: "The one who tries to kill the Emperor."
Trachta: "Only if he fails, lieutenant…"
―Trachta explains politics to Laurita Tohm 
Trampeta's Star Guide
"TARIS: We received a dreadful welcome when T3 droids at the starport made off with our baggage. Lowest possible recommendation."
―Trampeta's Star Guide 
Transe Decar
Transe Decar: "Zaloriis formally declares its independence!"
Vader: "Request denied, minister."
―Transe Decar, declaring independence moments before being killed 
Trecht
"There's not a finer sight in the galaxy than gassed rebels running out of a cave into the waiting blasters of your own battalion. Well—perhaps sunrises. But for those, you have to wake up early."
―Surveillance Officer Trecht — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Treis Sinde
Darth Azard: "Impressive—for one of your kind."
Treis Sinde: "Rudimentary. You should get out more. Meet more of my kind."
―Darth Azard and Treis Sinde, during their duel 
Trey Courser
Jesmin: "Were you just looking at my rear end?"
Trey: "Um… I'm not the actor Two is, so I'll just say… yes."
Jesmin: "Now's not the time."
Trey: "So, theoretically, there would be a time."
Jesmin: "Quiet."
―Jesmin Tainer and Trey Courser 
Trey: "We really need a holoprojector. One, can I buy one?"
Bhindi: "Yes."
Trey: "Great! Ummm… we need a mansion?"
Bhindi: "No."
―Trey Courser (Wraith Four) and Bhindi Drayson (Wraith One) 
Trey: "And in kidnapping a celebrity with some inter-planetary fame, we have ensured that the civilian news will hear about Thaal and that civilian authorities will launch their own investigations. Not to mention the musicians' unions. You don't want to mess with the musicians' union."
Drikall: "Really?"
Trey: "No, I'm kidding. What they going to do, serenade you to death?"
―Trey Courser and Drikall Bessarah discuss their part of the plan to frame General Thaal 
Trhin Voss'on't
"I don't fight; I'm a very peaceable kind of person. I just kill people. Especially creatures who mess around with me."
―Trhin Voss'on't 
Trioculus
Trioculus: "You're a murderer also. You killed Jabba the Hutt in cold blood, assassinated him with hatred in your heart. See yourself for what you really are!"
Leia: "I killed that thug Jabba in self-defense. He was the most corrupt and vile gangster in the universe!"
Trioculus: "There's always an excuse the first time one murders. But the first murder is never the last. Why, I think you'd even like to murder me, right now."
―Trioculus and Leia Organa Solo 
"Is it so wrong to be a murderer? Or a liar? Or an inhuman monster? I may be all of those things, but I still have a heart."
―Trioculus 
Trioculus: "We will need a new, secret home base. I have yet to decide where. I will now hear your suggestions."
Dunhausen: "I suggest the planet Tatooine. We can take over the Mos Eisley spaceport!"
Trioculus: "That useless planet where Jabba the Hutt died? Do you think I want the Empire to waste its time eliminating sand people like the Tusken Raiders and those two-bit traders, the Jawas?"
Thistleborn: "Bespin! Let's take over Cloud City!"
Trioculus: "We already have a barge full of factories for building weapons and mining tibanna gas on Bespin. Besides, Cloud City isn't a fit place to train our troops."
Takel: "Dagobah?"
Trioculus: "You're wasting my time!"
Hissa: "Hoth?"
―Trioculus and the Central Committee of Grand Moffs 
"My father, the Emperor, had many powers of the Dark Side. But without three eyes he could never achieve perfection."
―Trioculus 
"She has a striking face. Strong features, but soft. Not at all unattractive, considering that she's a Rebel Alliance woman with only two eyes."
―Trioculus, spying on Leia Organa 
Tru Veld
Anakin: "The comm system isn't being jammed in the planetary atmosphere. It's being jammed from space."
Veld: "Which means someone, somewhere, wants to cut the planet off. And that can only mean one thing."
Anakin and Veld: "Invasion."
―Anakin Skywalker and Tru Veld get their Bibble on 
Trud
«Mud is great!
Mud is good!
We'd eat mud,
If we could!»
―Bothel and Trud 
Trymbo
"I saw a herd of rancors advising the village mayor in town yesterday. They're very political beasts, those rancors."
―Trymbo 
"Don't stand there. That spot is reserved exclusively for my gundark friends. You are clearly not a gundark. Your ears are too small."
―Trymbo — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Captain: "That's quite a stench you've got going, crazy old man."
Trymbo: "Stench? Impossible. I bathe eight times a day. It's the only way to keep that invisible Kowakian monkey-lizard from drinking all my blood."
―Trymbo, confusing a smuggler captain 
Tsavong Lah
Tsavong Lah: "And still you mock death and try to evade its servant, pain. Death, Leia Organa Solo, is the highest truth of the universe."
Leia: "No. Life is the highest truth."
Tsavong Lah: "Death ends life."
Leia: "There can be no death where there has been no life. Life binds the galaxy together. Life—"
Tsavong Lah: "Silence, blasphemer!"
―Warmaster Tsavong Lah meets Leia Organa Solo 
"Watch. You must begin to understand the destiny that approaches you all, star by star, breath by breath."
―Warmaster Tsavong Lah, to a captive Leia Organa Solo 
Tschel
Pellaeon: "This is not a cattle market on Shaum Hii, Lieutenant Tschel. This is the bridge of an Imperial Star Destroyer. Routine information is not—repeat, not—simply shouted in the general direction of its intended recipient. Is that clear?"
Tschel: "Yes, sir."
―Gilad Pellaeon, correcting Tschel on a matter of Imperial protocol 
Tsumo
"Volpau, third cousin of Emperor Palpatine, died on Ubuuga of unknown causes. On his way to Coruscant for ritual incineration. You hear that? Unknown causes! Biggest killer there is, unknown causes!"
―Tsumo 
Tup
Rex: "If it were up to me, and we had the time and the training, I would say do it, but it's out of my hands. And the truth is, you are no pilots."
Jesse: "Come on. If Hardcase can fly one of these things, we all can!"
Tup: "Yeah, he wasn't really flying. More like avoiding crashing."
―Captain Rex, Jesse, and Tup, planning a secret air assault during the Battle of Umbara 
TX-20
TX-20: "Their chances of success against us are 742 to 1."
Wat Tambor: "You had better be right!"
TX-20: "I am a droid. I am always right."
―TX-20 and Wat Tambor during the Battle of Ryloth — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Tyber Zann
Tyber: "You don't need to see my identification."
Stormtrooper: "This guy thinks he's a Jedi. Why don't I need to see your identification?"
Tyber: "Because you're dead."
―Tyber Zann, just before Urai Fen uncloaks and kills the trooper 
"Everyone has a price."
―Tyber Zann 
Tycho Celchu
Tycho Celchu quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Tycho Celchu
Tyria Sarkin
Phanan: "Well, if he's as good a code-slicer and intrusion expert as he is a pilot, he's, well, mediocre. Sort of warms your heart, doesn't it? To know our lives are in the hands of a mediocre slicer?"
Tyria: "I think that you left the profession of medicine because it's your nature to make everyone feel worse about everything."
Phanan: "Ooh. I've been skewered. I will now take seventeen hours to reevaluate my life."
―Ton Phanan and Tyria Sarkin, speaking of Eurrsk Thri'ag 
Phanan: "Can I walk you to your quarters?"
Tyria: "No!"
Phanan: "Can I help you with your things?"
Tyria: "No!"
Phanan: "What can I do for you?"
Tyria: "Shoot yourself!"
Phanan: "I've done that a couple of times. Shooting myself. Accidents. It's not fun."
―Ton Phanan and Tyria Sarkin 
Face: "You know, if I had even the tiniest control over the Force, what I'd do with it? On those long missions, I'd scratch that little spot in the center of my back I can never reach..."
Tyria: "Go ahead, make fun."
Face: "Oh, come on. You think Skywalker doesn't do that?"
―Garik "Face" Loran's reaction to Tyria Sarkin's Force-sensitivity 
Tyria: "Some women see a man who is a mess, feel the urge to repair his problems, and then fall in love with him while they're working on him."
Tainer: "Emotional distress as an attractant. Say, Tyria, I have a sharp pain in my childhood memories."
Phanan: "What a terrible line. I wish I'd thought of it."
―Tyria Sarkin, Kell Tainer, and Ton Phanan, discussing Falynn Sandskimmer's interest in Myn Donos 
Uldir Lochett
Uldir: "If it's any consolation, nobody knows exactly what you feel when you cross the singularity of a black hole. It might be extremely painful when every atom in your body collapses into neutrons. And since time virtually stops, it could last a really long time."
Leaft: "You're trying to cheer me up."
―Uldir Lochett, to Leaft, after learning their ship is approaching a black hole 
Umak Leth
Umak Leth: "An ionic cannon capable of surprising and wiping out entire capital ship task forces would require a ship of unreasonable proportions. Something on the magnitude of at least eight kilometers in length."
Nasdra Magrody: "Twelve."
Bunt Dantor: "Seventeen."
―The panel of experts on A Galaxy Divided debates the technical details of the Malevolence 
Urias Xhaxin
"Get a reputation and get it fast. If you're known as a hard-but-fair raider, prizes are much more likely to roll over. Do not get a bloodthirsty reputation – that way leads to higher bounties and freighters returning fire to avoid boarding action. If you scare the target too much, it panics. If it panics, it does something stupid. If it does something stupid, your profits go right out the airlock."
―Urias Xhaxin, on the art of galactic piracy 
Valenthyne Farfalla
"One day…one day I'll pluck every one of your feathers and tickle you with them!"
―Lord Valenthyne Farfalla, to the Envoy 
Farfalla: "What happened to your eye, Petja?"
Petja: "Sith happened, my lord."
―Valenthyne Farfalla and Petja 
Hoth: "Why should they listen to you any more than me?"
Farfalla: "My Lord, for all your skill in battle and all your strength in the Force, you are somewhat lacking in the delicate art of diplomacy. You are a brilliant general, and your taciturn nature serves you well when giving orders to your troops. Unfortunately, it can set those who are not under your command on edge."
Pernicar: "You are too blunt, my Lord."
Farfalla: "That's what I just said…"
―Valenthyne Farfalla, Hoth (Jedi Lord)Lord Hoth, and Pernicar 
Farfalla: "Reading life-forms inside the building. Looks like…three."
Xaj: "Only three? This might be too easy."
Farfalla: "Don't count on that."
―Valenthyne Farfalla and Sarro Xaj, shortly before being killed in combat with two Sith Lords 
"A Jedi does not use his powers to manipulate the minds of his friends. Even if your motives are pure, it is an abuse of your position and a betrayal of the trust others put in us."
―Valenthyne Farfalla, to Johun Othone 
Valin Horn
Valin Horn: "Hey. I'm not a brat."
Han Solo: "No, your dad's the brat in the Horn family."
―Valin Horn and Han Solo 
Caedus: "You're a fraction of the man your father is."
Valin: "Funny. That's what I was going to say to you."
―Darth Caedus and Valin Horn 
Valin: "Hi Syal. My mom said to say your dress is pretty."
Syal: "It will be until Myri goops something on it. You don't have a little sister, do you?"
Valin: "No."
Syal: "Want one?"
―Valin Horn and Syal Antilles before the Wedding of Luke Skywalker and Mara Jade 
Vana Dorja
Leia: "I'm doing what I do best."
Dorja: "But you were Chief of State – surely you must be considering a return to power."
Leia: "I served my term."
Dorja: "To voluntarily relinquish power – I confess I don't understand it. In the Empire, we are taught not to decline responsibility once it is given to us."
Leia: "Wisdom is knowing when you've given all you can."
―Leia Organa Solo and Vana Dorja 
Varner Hilts
Hilts: "Listen, Jaye. When a man of advancing years tells you something is true, either believe him, or nod politely. The last thing you want to do is shake his faith in his omniscience."
Jaye: "Even if he's wrong?"
Hilts: "Especially if he's wrong."
―Varner Hilts and Jaye 
Vaverone Zare
Zare: "Hello again. I was afraid you might have forgotten our agreement, so I sent some friends to jog your memory."
Captain: "I just shot a few of your pals. Hope you don't mind."
Zare: "They weren't that good friends."
―Vaverone Zare, after sending Imperial commandos after a smuggler captain 
Veela Ordo
Veela: "Brother Canderous vouched for you, so you can stay, but if you betray us, I'll kill you. If your weakness causes one of my people to get hurt, I'll kill you. If you slow us down, I'll kill you. Is that clear?"
Revan: "Wait…what was that second one again? Maybe I should write this down."
―Veela Ordo and Revan 
Veema
Veema: "Last I heard, Anakin went to the Yavin system, alone, against orders from Skywalker and Borsk Fey'lya. Young, handsome, reckless, and maybe a little stupid – definitely my kind of man! Care to introduce us, Kyp?"
Kyp: "Why should I? I've nothing against the kid."
―Veema and Kyp Durron, talking about Anakin Solo 
Vergere
Vergere quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Vergere
Vestara Khai
Vestara: "Where, exactly, is my pack of lies?"
Ben: "You just admitted they were a pack of lies."
Vestara: "Perhaps I lied."
―Vestara Khai and Ben Skywalker 
Ben: "I've… got a strange feeling."
Luke: "What is it?"
Ben: "As if… as if I've been here before!"
Luke: "If I weren't such a tolerant parent I'd box your ears."
Vestara: "I'll do it."
Ben: "You would."
―Jedi Ben and Luke Skywalker and Sith Vestara Khai, on approach to the Maw 
Luke: "You're a clever young woman, Vestara. It took us quite a while to realize that you hadn't paid Monarg for repairs to the yacht, that you'd sold it to him for just enough to send your message home. And then begun running around the rain forest to draw us off, as a diversion."
Vestara: "It was an interesting tour. And then, of course, I met the Nightsisters and dedicated myself to their destruction."
Luke: "Yes, of course. Ben, roll your eyes for me, would you? I'm out of practice."
―Luke Skywalker and Vestara Khai, after her capture 
Vestara: "That's the difference between young Sith and young Jedi, Ben. We are taught to follow orders."
Ben: "Yeah, I see that. But when are you taught to think?"
―Vestara Khai and Ben Skywalker at the Pool of Knowledge 
Vestara: "Ben, I can see why Ship was drawn to you. There's the making of a fine Sith in you, you know that?"
Ben: "Let us not devolve into insults."
―Vestara Khai and Ben Skywalker, before Vestara throws a fruit at Ben 
Ben: "You're nervous."
Vestara: "No, I'm not."
Ben: "Yeah, you are. I would be, too. You're about to meet a whole bunch of people who not long ago were your sworn enemies and say, Hi there, I used to be Sith but not anymore. It's okay because I'm dating the most amazing, best-looking, smartest Jedi in the—ow!"
Vestara: "Don't get cocky."
―Ben Skywalker, teasing Vestara Khai 
Jaina: "I think I liked Korriban better."
Ben: "Yeah. At least it was a dry heat."
Vestara: "And it had puppies."
―Jaina Solo, Ben Skywalker, and Vestara Khai on Dromund Kaas, talking about Korriban and tuk'ata 
Vette
Knash: "One more chirp from you, little bird, and you'll regret it."
Vette: "Chirp, chirp, chirp." [Knash activates Vette's slave collar, shocking her] "Ow! Jerk. If you don't like that, just say so. I can do other animals too. Dire cat, frog-dog, Kowakian monkey-lizard, you name it."
―Jailer Knash and an imprisoned Vette, within the Sith Academy on Korriban 
Vill
Vill: "The miners have surrendered, my Lord. The last survivors are being rounded up. I have our casualty reports—fourteen dead, twenty-three wound—"
Vader: "Commander Vill, I have a question. I require a truthful answer."
Vill: "Uh, of course, sir."
Vader: "The Emperor foresaw that the Jedi would attempt to thwart his move to consolidate the Republic into an Empire. He prepared you—prepared all of the clones—by indoctrinating you with instructions for Order 66…"
Vill: "Yes, sir?"
Vader: "Have you been indoctrinated with a similar order to attack me if the Emperor so commands?"
Vill: "Uh, sir…even if there were such an order, I do not have the authority to divulge…GAK!" [Vader chokes him and throws him off a cliff]
Clone trooper: "Sir! What happened to Commander Vill?"
Vader: "He stumbled…and fell."
―Darth Vader disposes of Commander Vill after the Battle of Bandomeer 
Vilmarh Grahrk
"Oh, yes. Wormheads. Twin tendrils off head. Females much yum-yum."
―Vilmarh Grahrk, describing Twi'leks 
"'Allo! I am being Vilmarh Grahrk, your new hero! Take me to your leaders!"
―Vilmarh Grahrk, introducing himself to the Yinchorri 
"Look, money is important, sure, but if money was all we were after, we'd be Neimoidians. We go work in senate or business where they steal big time. The reason any of us do this-- is game. Are you smarter then next guy? Quicker? Sneakier? Can you put one over on them? Take what you didn't earn? Hit them in head? Shoot them in back? Money is prize. Is how you know who wins. Too much money makes you fat-- target for others. No, get money, spend money, have good time. Go out and grab more. All the game."
―Vilmarh Grahrk, describing the life of a scoundrel 
D'ulin: "I know the difference between a demon and a Devaronian and I'd rather trust a demon. You play us false and there is no place in the galaxy you can go that I won't find you."
Villie: "You wound Villie."
D'ulin: "Only if I miss."
―Naradan D'ulin, reluctantly working alongside Vilmarh Grahrk 
Villie: "Villie here! Anyone there?"
Maul: [appearing suddenly] "Yesss."
Villie: "Hoboy! Nice trick. Very funny. Is hokay. Villie have clean pair of pants back at ship."
―Vilmarh Grahrk, secretly meeting with Darth Maul 
"Truth sometimes is useful. Even Villie sometimes use truth."
―Vilmarh Grahrk 
NT: "I should alert you, sir, that we are breaking several laws… possibly including ones regarding gravity."
Villie: "We are guilty only if caught. And if we are caught, deny everything. Now shut up and let Villie fly."
―NT commenting on Vilmarh Grahrk's attempt to infiltrate Coruscant 
"So—You all talking about Villie, hey? Do not blame you. Endlessly fascinating topic! I, myself, could talk about me for days!"
―Vilmarh Grahrk, addressing a group of spacers in The Cluster Cantina 
Viran Qol
"No one is quite sure what, if anything, stormtroopers do on their time off."
―Viran Qol 
Virar Needa
Pedetsen: "Go down without a fight, Lieutenant Needa? One proton torpedo and we go down without even a whimper. I'll take two."
Needa: "You want us hit with two?"
Pedetsen: "No, I want two more cards. Of proton torpedoes I want zero."
―Virar Needa and Cadet Pedetsen 
Visas Marr
Exile: "What did you see when you looked at him?"
Visas: "A man, nothing more."
―The Jedi Exile and Visas Marr after defeating Darth Nihilus 
Visas: "And so you wait, as a shadow."
Kreia: "Yes, we are alike that way, blinded one."
Visas: "I would have thought you would walk with her amongst the Jedi. But that is not the way of the Sith, is it?"
Kreia: "Do not speak to me of the ways of the Sith. You of all of us have no conception of what it means to be Sith."
―Visas Marr, confronting Kreia 
Vitor Reige
Pellaeon: "I hope you're rushing to tell me that the chef has acquired Jacen Solo's entrails and is braising them for dinner."
Vitor: "Not quite, Admiral."
Pellaeon: "Life is full of disappointments."
―Gilad Pellaeon, talking to his aide, Vitor Reige during the Second Galactic Civil War 
Viun Gaalan
Gaalan: "You are Grand Master Luke Skywalker."
Luke: "My son, Ben. Our friend Dyon Stadd."
Gaalan: "I am Lord Viun Gaalan, the last man you will ever meet. Much admiration will be accorded me for killing Luke Skywalker. Especially by the family of Lady Rhea, whom you slew."
Luke: "No, you aren't, and no, it won't."
―Viun Gaalan and Luke Skywalker exchange "pleasantries" before battle 
Voidhound
Voidhound quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Voidhound
Voort saBinring (a.k.a. "Piggy")
Sharr: "No, she can't."
Piggy: "Yes, she can."
Sharr: "I'm the psychological warfare expert here, and I say she can't."
Piggy: "I'm three times your mass, and can take off your head with a single bite, and I say she can."
―Sharr Latt and Voort saBinring 
Piggy: "Is he hurt?"
Phanan: "Everybody asks that. Nobody ever says, 'What a mess! I hope the doctor is not emotionally harmed by having to deal with it.'"
―Voort saBinring and Ton Phanan 
Myri: "Now I need you to menace me. Loom over me. Give me some good Gamorrean insults."
Voort: «You have the color sense of a monkey-lizard and I suspect you pour sugar on your meat loaf.»
Myri: "Insults are not your field of expertise, are they? Ten more seconds. Wave your fists."
Voort: «Your scores in calculus are an atrocity, and you think square roots refer to artificial hair!»
―Myri Antilles and Voort saBinring perform a distraction 
Voort: "That's our path?"
Myri: "It takes us right to the unsafe house."
Voort: "… Maybe a safe house instead?"
Myri: "That's for later."
―Voort saBinring and Myri Antilles 
Wedge: "By the way, what do you like to be called? Voort?"
Piggy: "I am content with Voort. But many others call me Piggy. I am content with it, too, for I can ignore the definite derogatory component that goes with it."
Wedge: "The lieutenant and I once knew a very fine human pilot who went by Piggy. There's no 'derogatory component' to it in this squadron. Rather, it's a badge of honor I hope you can live up to."
―Wedge Antilles, comparing Voort "Piggy" saBinring with Jek Porkins 
Kirney: "You put the team back together."
Voort: "I didn't. But… yes. It was done."
Kirney: "I saw faces back there I recognize, young faces. Piggy, you will not recruit from my children."
Voort: "Four blips incoming. Sensor returns and speed suggest starfighters or atmospheric fighters. Our escorts are turning to meet them."
Kirney: "Skyhoppers out of Fey'lya Base. What did I just tell you?"
Voort: "I do not recruit from your children. This cockpit smells like fur."
Kirney: "Shut up. What did I tell you?"
Voort: "I do not recruit from your children. How's Myn?"
Kirney: "Grinning from ear to ear. You know why? Because we have a very profitable business and all our children are alive. What did I tell you?"
Voort: "I do not—"
―Kirney Slane and Voort saBinring 
"You don't wait for things to happen in this business, son. You make things happen."
―Voort saBinring to Trey Courser, on being a member of Wraith Squadron 
Voren Na'al
Na'al: "I have heard rumors to the affect [sic] that Captain Solo has said, and I quote, 'her highness has a crush on me,' end quote."
Leia: "I'm afraid Captain Solo is suffering delusions, probably brought on by extended time in hyperspace."
―Voren Na'al, interviewing Leia Organa on Thila 
Na'al: "And how do you feel about being considered a hero?"
Han: "Well, it's not like I'm not used to fame, you know. I made the Kessel Run in less than 12... you've heard?"
―Voren Na'al, interviewing Han Solo 
"It is, in my mind, essential that all remember the sacrifices that so many made to bring this New Republic about. If I have learned anything from my studies, it is that freedom is too precious a commodity to be taken for granted. As our ancestors learned, it can be snatched away in an instant."
―Voren Na'al 
Voss Parck
Parck: "On one side were handpicked units of Palpatine's own private army, equipped with fifteen top-line combat ships. On the other side were Commander Mitth'raw'nuruodo of the Chiss Expansionary Defense and perhaps twelve small and insignificant border patrol ships."
Mara: "How badly did Thrawn slaughter them?"
Parck: "Utterly."
―Voss Parck and Mara Jade, about Mitth'raw'nuruodo's destruction of a task force 
Vrook Lamar
Vrook: "You were deafened."
Kreia: "At last, you could hear."
Kavar: "You were broken."
Kreia: "You were whole."
Zez-Kai Ell: "You were blinded."
Kreia: "And at last... you saw."
―Kreia, Jedi Masters Vrook Lamar, Kavar, and Zez-Kai Ell, speaking to the Jedi Exile about Malachor V — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Vrook: "You are a breach that must be closed. You transmit your pain, your suffering through the Force. Within you, we see something worse than merely the teachings of the Sith. What you carry may mean the death of the Force... and the death of the Jedi."
Exile: "But I can feel the Force, strongly."
Vrook: "So you think. It is not the strength of a Jedi you feel."
Zez-Kai: "He's right. It's... all the death you've caused to get here. You feed on it, and you grow stronger. You're like Malachor... it's in you, it's what you are now. You must have noticed as you've fought across all these planets, killing hundreds – only to become more and more powerful. Why do you think that was?"
―Vrook Lamar, Zez-Kai Ell and the Jedi Council confront the Jedi Exile 
Vua Rapuung
Vua: "Are we done with skulking? May we at last em­brace our foes?"
Anakin: "You embrace them. I'm going to knock them down. Your shapers want Jedi? One is coming to them."
―Vua Rapuung and Anakin Solo prepare to assault the Yuuzhan Vong's facility on Yavin 
Vua: "Shamed Ones are cursed by the gods. They work as slaves. They are not worth speaking of."
Anakin: "Cursed how?"
Vua: "When I say they are not worth speaking of, how do my words confuse you?"
―Vua Rapuung, sort of explaining the Yuuzhan Vong to Anakin Solo 
Vua: "The shapers are a caste, the caste nearest the great god, Yun-Yuuzhan, who shaped the universe from his body. It is they who know the ways of life, who bend it to our needs."
Anakin: "Bioengineers? Scientists?"
Vua: "The tizowyrm that translates for me makes no sense from those words. I suspect they are obscene."
―Vua Rapuung, explaining the Yuuzhan Vong to Anakin Solo 
Anakin: "Where did he go?"
Vua: "In the river."
Anakin: "You threw him in? Will he drown?"
Vua: "No. He is already dead."
Anakin: "You killed him?"
Vua: "A broken neck killed him."
―Vua Rapuung and Anakin Solo, after Vua killed a fisherman 
Vua: "Then you saved my life. How disgusting. How unfortunate."
Anakin: "No, don't gush on so. It was nothing, really."
―Vua Rapuung and Anakin Solo, cooperating on Yavin 4 
Anakin: "Who was he?"
Vua: "A Shamed One. A person of no consequence."
Anakin: "No one is of no consequence."
―Vua Rapuung and Anakin Solo, cooperating on Yavin 4 
Vuffi Raa
Vuffi Raa: "How should I call you, sir?"
Lando: "Not too loudly, Vuffi Raa, and no later than nine-hundred in the morning."
―Vuffi Raa and Lando Calrissian, discussing forms of address 
"I know nothing about what's going on. I spent the entire night in the Confiscated Properties Room at Constabulary headquarters, sandwiched between bales of illicit smoking vegetables and wire baskets overflowing with vibroknives, murder hatchets, and the like. Did you know that most of the spouse killings in this system are accomplished with cast-titanium skillets?"
―Vuffi Raa 
"Just who in the Hall are you, anyway?"
―Vuffi Raa to the Hall in Rafa V 
Vul Isen
"I am a scientist. It is my nature to question. Unthinking obedience is fine for a warrior, but a scientist must question—or be worth nothing."
―Vul Isen 
W. Wald
"Old Watto is a dirty bird
Hot peggats in his purse
His flippers stink like bantha curd
His breath smells even worse"
―Building graffiti on Mos Espa Way, attributed to one W. Wald 
Walon Vau
Walon Vau: "The brief unity of triumph, and then back to the fray. Crushing, isn't it? The victories seem so insignificant compared with the size of the war."
Skirata: "Doesn't mean we shouldn't try. It's only what individuals do that adds up to history."
Walon Vau: "We've written ours, then."
―Walon Vau and Kal Skirata, discussing the nature of war 
Wat Tambor
Wat Tambor: "Droid, is the planet Ryloth one of our targeted worlds?"
TA-175: "Yes, Emir. Based on resources, accessibility, political influence and overall strategic value, it is currently ranked as number seventy-nine."
Wat Tambor: "Mobilize our troops. We are moving it to number one."
―Wat Tambor and TA-175 
TX-20: "Their chances of success against us are 742 to 1."
Wat Tambor: "You had better be right!"
TX-20: "I am a droid. I am always right."
―TX-20 and Wat Tambor during the Battle of Ryloth — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Tambor: "And how is life for the head of the Bounty Hunters Guild?"
Cradossk: "As long as there's blood, anger, and money, life is grand."
―Wat Tambor and Cradossk 
Watto
Qui-Gon: "I don't have anything else." [waves hand] "But credits will do fine."
Watto: "No, they won't."
Qui-Gon: "Credits will do fine."
Watto: "No, they won't. What, you think you're some kind of Jedi, waving your hand around like that? I'm a Toydarian. Mind tricks don't work on me, only money."
―Qui-Gon Jinn, trying to haggle with Watto 
«What? What do you want? Wait! You're a Jedi!» [panics] «Whatever it is, I didn't do it!»
―Watto 

"They come here, they look around, they no buy. Why nobody buys?"
―Watto 
"Republic credits? Republic credits are no good out here. I need something more real."
―Watto, to Qui-Gon Jinn on Tatooine 
Qui-Gon: "Well, I have acquired a pod in a game of chance, the fastest ever built."
Watto: "I hope you didn't kill anyone I know for it, huh?"
―Qui-Gon Jinn and Watto 
Wedge Antilles
Wedge Antilles quotes, now in excess of 70, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Wedge Antilles
Wes Janson
Wes Janson quotes, now in excess of 30, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Wes Janson
Whirry Malreaux
Whirry: "Which it's one of they nasty cellar-goblins.‎ Don't worry, Your Lordship—I'll get a broom and knock it on the head.‎"
Dooku: "Master Yoda may be small and old and shriveled up like an evil green potato, but he is my guest, and I would prefer you not hit him ‎with a broom unless I particularly desire it.‎"
―Count Dooku, barring Whirry Malreaux from "welcoming" Master Yoda 
Wicke
Captain: "You get me in to free Numen, I can set you up with a lot of stims. Free."
Wicke: "I-I couldn't. They'd kill me if they found out. Of course, they'd already kill me for talking to you. And buying stims. And sometimes saying 'fail to the Empire' under my breath when we renew our oaths of service..."
―The Smuggler Captain tries to enlist the help of Private Wicke 
Wicket Wystri Warrick
Cindel: "Furry." [strokes Wicket's fur] "Furry. Yeah."
Wicket: "Furries?"
Cindel: "I wish we had furry creatures like you where I came from."
Wicket: "Oh." [pause] "Furries?"
―Cindel Towani and Wicket, trying to communicate 
Kneesaa: "A blog? What's that?"
Wicket: "Trouble!"
―Kneesaa and Wicket, describing a blog 
"Now I bop you, lurdo!"
―Wicket, to Teek 
Latara: "I wasn't spying."
Wicket: "You shouldn't spy on anyone, Latara – unless, of course, they're doing something very interesting."
―Wicket, explaining espionage to Latara 
"Eat worms and die, Stranger!"
―Wicket Wystri Warrick taunting the Stranger 
«These Rebels are like the Ewoks, who are like the leaves. Battered by the wind, eaten without thought by the tumult of locusts that inhabit the world—yet do we throw ourselves on smoldering fires, that another may know the warmth of light; yet do we make a soft bed of ourselves, that another may know rest; yet do we swirl in the wind that assails us, to send the fear of chaos into the hearts of our enemies; yet do we change color, even as the season calls upon us to change. So must we help our Leafbrothers, these Rebels—for so has come a season of change upon us.»
―Wicket Wystri Warrick, translated by C-3PO, pleading with the Ewok Council of Elders to aid the Rebel Alliance 

Wicket: "This old chart points the way to a lost temple."
Latara: "It sounds awful."
Wicket: "It says the temple was built by an ancient race of creatures..."
Latara: "It sounds boring."
Wicket: "...who used it to hide a treasure of jewels."
Latara: "It sounds wonderful! When do we go?"
―Wicket and Latara, planning to explore the Lost Temple 
Wicket: "Another one of Kneesaa's boring parties."
Kneesaa: "Hang onto your hoods, guys! Now we're going to look at my acorn collection!"
―Kneesaa a Jari Kintaka, attempting to entertain her fellow Ewoks 
Wilek Nereus
"Vader. His Imperial Majesty should never have trusted a Sith Lord."
―Governor Wilek Nereus of Bakura, days after the Battle of Endor 
Wilhuff Tarkin
Wilhuff Tarkin quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Wilhuff Tarkin
Winter Celchu
Kapp: "Think that Plourr would ever go out with me?"
Winter: "First Han Solo and now you want a princess? This isn't a rebellion, it's a matchmaker's cotillion."
―Winter Celchu and Kapp Dendo discuss what the rebellion is all about 
Wirut
Jacen: "Possessions are burdens. What you have can always be taken away, so wealth breeds fear."
Wirut: "I'll willingly face that kind of fear, sir. And a nice big SoroSuub yacht. That would scare me very nicely."
―Jacen Solo and Wirut 
Wolf Sazen
Wolf: "You cannot defeat him with anger, Cade! That is a Sith weapon!"
Cade: "Whatever works."
―Wolf Sazen and Cade Skywalker 
Wuher
Wuher: "You want what?"
Jerriko: "Water."
Wuher: "You know where you are?"
Jerriko: "Oh, indeed."
Wuher: "I got a computer back there that mixes sixteen hundred varieties of spirits."
Jerriko: "Oh, indeed, so I would imagine. But I want the one it can't mix."
―Anzat vampire Dannik Jerriko, confusing Wuher, the bartender at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina 
Malloc: "What do you call someone who speaks three languages?"
Wuher: "Trilingual."
Malloc: "Someone who speaks two languages?"
Wuher: "Bilingual."
Malloc: "Someone who speaks one language?"
Wuher: "Monolingual?"
Malloc: "Human."
―Kardue'sai'Malloc tells Wuher a joke at the Mos Eisley Cantina 
Wullf Yularen
"I can't define a hero. All I know is that it's someone you probably don't notice, but when you find out what they did and how modestly they did it, you can never shake off the feeling that you're cut from a lesser cloth, and you find that braggarts suddenly offend you a great deal more than usual."
―Admiral Wullf Yularen 
Obi-Wan: "You seem to be suggesting that I take unnecessary risks. I can't agree. I only ever do what I feel is right."
Yularen: "And rarely stop to think of the personal consequences. You and Skywalker are cut from the same cloth. And that little Padawan of his—she's been fashioned out of the discarded material!"
―Obi-Wan Kenobi and Wullf Yularen 
Wynn Dorvan
"Eat your vegetables, children, or Admiral Daala will come for you."
―Wynn Dorvan, cracking a joke about increasing public resentment against Daala 
Dorvan: "We realize that you don't care for the public at large to know that you have ethics and would in fact try to fulfill your duty to the Galactic Alliance here. So the exact terms of this deal won't be revealed. Just an announcement that former Chief of State, Jedi Leia Solo, and Alliance hero and scoundrel Han Solo are making an effort to resolve the disputes between the government and the Jedi."
Han: "Did he say scoundrel?"
Leia: "He did."
Han: "It's gotta be wildly popular scoundrel or it's no deal."
Daala: "So recorded, so noted."
―Wynn Dorvan, Han Solo, Leia Organa Solo, and Natasi Daala discussing a potential deal 
Daala: "Perfect. I wonder if I should promote you, Wynn."
Dorvan: "Oh, please don't, ma'am. Right where I am is perfect. Any higher and I'd have to have someone under me, and that just wouldn't do."
―Chief of State Natasi Daala discussing a promotion for her aide, Wynn Dorvan 
Korelei: "We must reveal ourselves to the people of Coruscant. We must tell them that they are now ruled by Sith."
Dorvan: "Why would you do that? So the entire population of Coruscant will rise against you?"
Korelei: "The people of Coruscant will rise against nothing. They will suffer and obey – and we will know the Jedi by those who fail to tremble beneath our lash."
―Korelei and Wynn Dorvan 
Xamuel Lennox
Cabbel: "Sir, Rebel ships are coming into our sector."
Lennox: "Good. Our first catch of the day."
―Lieutenant Cabbel and Captain Lennox, during the Battle of Hoth 
Xanatos
"I am your biggest failure. Live with that. And live with this."
―Failed Jedi student Xanatos to Qui-Gon Jinn, just before the former kills himself 
Xim the Despot
Shool: "First and foremost, Xim, Son of Xer, you are charged with causing the extermination and extinction of nine sentient species."
Xim: "Nine? I know I spaced more than that."
Shool: "Among them the Qadel, the Ermi, the Veeza, and the Zoa'mon..."
Xim: "Slavers all. I did the galaxy a favor."
Shool: "The soothsisters of Pelgrin—"
Xim: "Their Oracle claimed my empire was doomed. Such a prophecy could have wreaked widespread panic, even galactic war."
Shool: "And lastly the Klee, the Izi, the Orrananans, and the Thrella."
Xim: "With the Izi... perhaps I went too far. But I'm not the only one who loathed their poetry."
―Xim the Despot, put on trial in the play Evocar 
Xist
Guard: "Lord Xist! We have intruders!"
Xist: "Really?!? Is that why there are explosions ripping through my fortress?"
―A Black Sun guard informs Xist of an obvious problem 
Xizor
Vader: "The Emperor is not here. I speak for the Empire, Xizor."
Xizor: "Prince Xizor."
Vader: "You may keep the title—for another two minutes."
―Darth Vader and Prince Xizor, two minutes before Xizor's death 
"If you cannot afford to lose, you should not play the game."
―Prince Xizor 
Guri: "You are attracted to this woman in a romantic way."
Xizor: "So?"
Guri: "Such attractions have been known to cloud the minds of otherwise rational beings."
Xizor: "Do not fear, my dear Guri. She could never replace you in my affections."
―Guri, speaks her mind on Xizor's feelings for Leia Organa 
Yalta Val
Yalta Val: "Looks like the One Sith isn't coming back."
Darth Wredd: "You're right. I plan on being the only Sith."
―Darth Wredd reveals his plan to Yalta Val 
Yarmond
Yarmond: "We have taken in some of the population of Artorias. A tiny, backwards planet that is in the middle of some civil unrest. No doubt, a squabble over livestock or some such."
Fey'lya: "Yes, it seems whenever there is a war on one of these fringe planets, a farm animal is somehow involved."
―Yarmond and Borsk Fey'lya discuss the situation on Shramar 
"Kill Fey'lya? What would we want to do that? He is far too valuable in his position for the Yuuzhan Vong to want him removed. An ineffectual coward leading a republic is the perfect foe when you plan on taking over."
―Yarmond offers his opinion on Fey'lya's leadership abilities 
Yaru Korsin
Gloyd: "Captain."
Korsin: "Not really happy here, Gloyd."
Gloyd: "Then you'll want to hear this. As I see it, we've got three choices. We get these people off this rock in whatever will fly. Or we look for cover until they all kill one another."
Korsin: "What's the third choice?"
Gloyd: "There isn't one. But I figured it'd cheer you up if you thought there was."
Korsin: "I hate you."
―Gloyd and Yaru Korsin, determining their next course of action on Kesh 
Yliri Consta
Han: "You look a lot like… Sarita Consta, the holodrama star."
Yliri: "My older sister. I used to do stunt work for her. When she switched to comedy, working for her became just too boring."
Leia: "I felt the same way when Han switched to comedy."
―Han and Leia Solo meet Yliri Consta 
Yoda
Yoda quotes, now in excess of 60, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Yoda
Yolan Bren
Naia: "There goes the most evil man in the galaxy."
Yolan: "No, not evil… he's little more than a machine, a tool to do a job. He's a man with no heart, no feelings, no interest other than the price on another man's head. We at least have something worth living and dying for. I pity Boba Fett."
―Naia and Yolan Bren, discussing Boba Fett 
Ysanne Isard
Isard: "I expected you to be taller."
Wedge: "I expected you to be dead."
―Ysanne Isard and Wedge Antilles 
Yuthura Ban
Yuthura: "I wanted to use the Force to free the other slaves I knew, to fight for what I knew was right. The Jedi restrained me until I couldn't stand it any more. They claim the dark side is evil, but that isn't so. Sometimes anger and hatred are so deserved and right. Sometimes things change because of it."
Revan: "But not always. Mostly it makes things worse."
Yuthura: "Any failure to get the results I want is due to a lack of power on my part. That can change, in time. As a Sith, my mettle is tested far more than when I was a Padawan. I know this may sound strange, but only my compassion stands in my way now. Once that is gone, let the slavers beware."
Revan: "But... if you lose your compassion, will you still care about those slaves?"
―Yuthura Ban, relating her story to Revan 
YVH 1-1A
Lando: "One-One-A, is your company ready to go?"
1-1A: "Affirmative, General."
Lando: "I'm not a general. The reactivation was temporary."
1-1A: "A general is always a general, General."
―Lando Calrissian and YVH 1-1A, during the Battle of Coruscant 
Zaalbar
«Wookiees do not brush their teeth, Mission! It... It just isn't done! What humiliation will you use on me next? A comb?»
―Zaalbar, responding to Mission's suggestion to get groomed 

«You don't trim a Wookiee! You don't color a Wookiee! And you certainly don't dress a Wookiee!»
―Zaalbar, to Mission Vao 

Zahara Cody
Han: "What's going on down here?"
Zahara: "I'm Dr. Cody, chief medical officer. There's been—"
Han: "So you didn't bring us dinner?"
―Zahara Cody finds and frees inmates Han Solo and Chewbacca, two of six survivors on the Purge 
Zak Arranda
Zak: "Look up, Tash."
Tash: "There's no 'up' in space, laser brain."
―Zak and Tash Arranda 
Zam Wesell
Zam: "You know, a gentleman would turn his back while a lady changes."
Jango: "That's not the sort of changing most people have in mind. And you're no lady."
Zam: "Sometimes I am."
―Zam Wesell and Jango Fett 
"Want adventure? Read books. Then when you get tired of the excitement, you can close the book. Better than real life."
―Zam Wesell, to Boba Fett 
Jango: "If I show you a hologram of somebody, a woman, could you impersonate her?"
Zam: "Probably. Is this business or is it pleasure?"
Jango: "Business, Zam. Strictly business."
Zam: "Too bad for you. Business means you'll have to pay me!"
―Jango Fett and Zam Wesell 
Boba Fett: "Dad… there's a lady here."
Zam: "This must be yours. What's your name?"
Boba Fett: "Boba Fett. My father is—"
Jango: "It's all right, Boba…I was expecting her, though I'm not sure I'd call her a lady."
Zam: "You always know the right thing to say… don't you, Jango Fett?"
―Zam Wesell's ad hoc introduction to Boba Fett 
Zam: "Turn around, Jango… slowly."
Jango: "We have to stop meeting like this, Zam."
Zam: "People will talk, won't they?"
―Zam Wesell, attempting to abscond with the Infant of Shaa 
"Anxious to die? Let me help."
―Zam Wesell 
Zan Yant
Vondar: "You'll suffer for this, my revenge will be terrible. Maybe not swift or particularly inspired, but definitely terrible."
Yant: "Couldn't be any worse than your musical taste."
―Jos Vondar and Zan Yant 
Zao
"The Force is a great ally, and it can lead you where you need to go. But you must always be open to follow. If you decide you already know where it is leading, you may take the wrong path. Be aware. Observe, but do not assume."
―Master Zao, teaching a lesson to K'Kruhk and the Soaring Hawkbat Clan 
Zayne Carrick
Zayne Carrick quotes, now in excess of 20, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Zayne Carrick
Zeerid Korr
No Scar: "Why you call that ship Fatman?"
Korr: "'Cause it takes a lot to fill her belly."
No Scar: "Ship's a she, though. Right? Why not Fatwoman?"
Korr: "Seemed disrespectful."
―No Scar and Zeerid Korr, discussing the latter's ship 
Zekk
"Zekk to Hardpoint Squadron. Your new squadron commander is on-site and wishes to see you immediately at your X-wings. Immediately means ninety seconds from the end of my transmission. No one will be punished for arriving in dirty robes, formal gowns, or bubbles and bathwater, but no one wants to arrive late. That is all. Out."
―Zekk, gathering Hardpoint Squadron through his comlink 
Jaina: "It might take some effort to find her, but I'd bet my shirt that Alema is here."
Jagged: "I accept!"
Zekk: "Okay!"
Jaina: "What?"
Jagged: "Your bet. I accepted."
Zekk: "Hey, I was first!"
―Jaina Solo, Jagged Fel and Zekk 
Jaina: "You both need to head to the refresher for a sanisteam. Not to put it too delicately, you stink."
Jag: "After you."
Zekk: "No, after you."
Jag: "I'm smaller, so I stink less. A logical calculation. After you."
―Jaina Solo, Jagged Fel, and Zekk 
Zerba Cher'dak
Zerba: "Is that what this is about? All you need is my lightsaber?"
Han Solo: "No, we need you, too. Besides, if I wanted a real lightsaber, I know another guy who's got one."
Zerba: "What do you mean, a real lightsaber? Mine cuts as well as anything else you can find out there."
Han Solo: "I mean a lightsaber with a blade longer than this. Yours is more like a lightdagger. Or a light-breadknife."
―Han Solo, recruiting Zerba Cher'dak for a scheme 
Zez-Kai Ell
Vrook: "You were deafened."
Kreia: "At last, you could hear."
Kavar: "You were broken."
Kreia: "You were whole."
Zez-Kai Ell: "You were blinded."
Kreia: "And at last... you saw."
―Kreia, Jedi Masters Vrook Lamar, Kavar, and Zez-Kai Ell, speaking to the Jedi Exile about Malachor V — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Vrook: "You are a breach that must be closed. You transmit your pain, your suffering through the Force. Within you, we see something worse than merely the teachings of the Sith. What you carry may mean the death of the Force... and the death of the Jedi."
Exile: "But I can feel the Force, strongly."
Vrook: "So you think. It is not the strength of a Jedi you feel."
Zez-Kai: "He's right. It's... all the death you've caused to get here. You feed on it, and you grow stronger. You're like Malachor... it's in you, it's what you are now. You must have noticed as you've fought across all these planets, killing hundreds – only to become more and more powerful. Why do you think that was?"
―Vrook Lamar, Zez-Kai Ell and the Jedi Council confront the Jedi Exile 
Zixx
Zixx: "Take a look behind yourself Sith, that's what two squads of the Republic's finest look like."
Wrath: "You're about to see what two squads of the Republic's deadest look like."
―Zixx and the Emperor's Wrath — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Zonama Sekot
Sekot: "I had to know what manner of warrior I was dealing with before responding to your request."
Jacen: "I'm uncomfortable with the term warrior. A Jedi stands for peace, not war."
Sekot: "You do not believe in fighting for peace, for freedom?"
Jacen: "I believe that there should be a way of achieving peace other than fighting."
Sekot: "Have you found it, Jacen Solo?"
Jacen: "No. No, I haven't."
―Jacen Solo, and the sentient consciousness of Zonama Sekot 
Zorba Express
"CHIZOOOOOK! SQUEEEEEEEEEGE!"
―The Zorba Express, landing on Cloud City 
Zozridor Slayke
"It's brilliant. It'll probably get you killed, but it's brilliant nonetheless."
―Zozridor Slayke, referring to Anakin's Plan B during the Battle of Praesitlyn 
Zsinj
Melvar: "The community where she grew up, New Oldtown…"
Zsinj: "Surely you're joking about that name."
Melvar: "On Aldivy. It was blasted out of existence by Admiral Trigit when it refused to offer him supplies."
Zsinj: "You're sure he didn't destroy it because of that name."
―General Melvar and Warlord Zsinj discuss Lara Notsil 
Chief engineer: "Sir, we've identified the trouble. The engineering compartments are swarming with, well, saboteur droids."
Zsinj: "Would you like to try again?"
Chief engineer: "Standard MSE-6 utility droids, sir. They've gone mad or been reprogrammed. With their internal tools, they're opening access hatches, chewing their way into wire clusters, sending false data, dragging chips out of their housings. All in the hyperdrive systems."
Zsinj: "And what are you doing about this?"
Chief engineer: "We're, uh, kicking the things to pieces with our boots, Warlord."
―The chief engineer of Iron Fist and a baffled Warlord Zsinj 
Zuckuss
Zuckuss quotes, now in excess of 10, have been moved to a sub-page:
Wookieepedia:Quote of the Day/Archive/Zuckuss
Zule Xiss
"At least this way, I won't die in a cantina brawl like the Council predicted."
―Zule Xiss, shortly before facing a certain death in the Battle of Jabiim 
Unnamed individuals
Student: "Please don't kill me! I have an exam tomorrow!"
Imperial Assassin: "Really? Then I have some news for you -- you failed!"
―Mrlssi student and Imperial assassin 
"Is somebody out there? Fishy, fishy, fishy? Ha ha! Coming to eat me, too? Ha ha ha ha! You can't get me, little fishy, not in here! I'm safe behind my walls!"
―Unknown man in a locked storage container on Manaan 
Magistrate: "Very well, I sentence you to immediate execution."
Marik: "What? I thought you said you was reducin' my sentence!"
Magistrate: "I did reduce your sentence, Marik. I had intended to sentence you to life at hard labor in the Kessel spice mines. As far as the Empire is concerned, you are getting off easy."
―Imperial magistrate sentences Joha Marik 
First Woman: "Oh, look, there's General Solo!"
Second Woman: "Gee, he looks pretty bad. Look at those bags under his eyes."
First Man: "Kind of scruffy looking, if you ask me."
―A conversation about Han Solo, recorded by C-3PO 
"Caught another blasted refugee sneaking around the camp again. I'll tell ya, if the Mandalorians ever move on Vanquo, they'll find nothing here but people they've already seen!"
―Vanquo miner 
Soldier #1: "Hold it! Where's the transfer-circuit adjuster I left lyin' right here? Who took it?"
Soldier #2: "It's being used to repair the Millennium Falcon."
Soldier #1: "Oh it is, huh? Who does Solo think he is? I got a good mind to go over there and take it right back outta his hand. What does he think, he owns this base? In fact, I think I will go over there and—"
Soldier #2: "It was the Wookiee who took it."
Soldier #1: "Uh, Chewbacca?"
Soldier #2: "You know any others? Well? Gonna go over and yank it out of his paw?"
Soldier #1: "Well, now, there must be another one around here someplace…"
―Echo Base soldiers 
Revan: "Why pay for the gaffi sticks? Why not their heads?"
Officer: "Which would you rather have dumped on your office floor?"
―Revan and Czerka Protocol Officer 
Yavin Base: "Luke, you switched off your targeting computer. What's wrong?"
Luke: "Nothing. I'm all right."
―Yavin Base controller, to Luke Skywalker, not anticipating Luke's Force abilities during the Battle of Yavin 
Master: "I foresee a quest in your future, young Jedi. You must travel to the Dantooine system and destroy a cancerous evil growing there."
Student: "Another one? Sigh... well, they did say the path to mastery of the Force was a long one. Come on, you guys, let's go."
Master: "Oh, and while you're there, pick up some Dorian passion fruit for me. They're in season now."
Student: "Yes, Master." (Under his breath) "Why is there always an evil on Dantooine when the passion fruits become ripe?"
―A Jedi Master sends his student on a mission to Dantooine 
"While the Emperor refuses to acknowledge the efforts by the Rebel Alliance, he would like to issue an official 'Bah, humbug!' to those participating in the holiday."
―A publicist for Emperor Palpatine, commenting on Life Day in 3 ABY 

"AT-STs will no longer be deployed on planets with an abundance of trees or other known obstacles such as rock-wielding primitives."
―Post-Battle of Endor Imperial manual 
"Best I can hope for is a long life and a merry one
A quick death and an easy one
A fast ship and a sturdy one
A tall ale and another one"
―A Corellian madrigal 
Security officer: "Han Solo, Leia Organa Solo, you are charged with falsification of identification, smuggling, entering Aphran space on false pretenses, and crimes against the state."
Han Solo: "Is that all? That's only a couple of hours' worth of crimes."
―Aphran security, arresting Han Solo and Leia Organa Solo 
"Can I borrow some midi-chlorians?"
―Random comment by Rebel Alliance soldier 
"We're searching for a Rebel spy here. It's a secret mission. Move along."
―Imperial agent, to Luke Skywalker 
"They are as stars in the sky, numerous, but ancient. The light they offer was generations old when the first settlers came to Cularin. They burned out long ago, but only now do we see the dark they will leave behind."
―A Cularin resident on the Jedi Order 
"Hi, guys! Come to disarm me, have ya? Hey, that's terrific!"
―Audio component of an Ugnaught-planted bomb on Cloud City 
"Kill him! Kill him! He's no representative! He's a plague!"
―An unidentified Weequay pirate under the command of Hondo Ohnaka describes Jar Jar Binks 
"Jedi Horn! Is it true you're on a destructive rampage?"
―Galaxy 9 News reporter, to Valin Horn 
"Luke! Luke! When did you first realize you were a criminal?"
―An unknown speaker, to Luke Skywalker, shortly after Skywalker's initial arrest 
"A knife never runs out of ammunition."
―Myneyrshi saying 
Captain: "Night Crawler, this is Blood Nest. Respond at once."
Face: "Bloody Nose, this is Night Caller. What do you want?"
Captain: "We want to tear your face off and vent what's left into hard vacuum."
Face: "You're welcome to if you can, Bloody Nose. But first, tell me about your wife. I want to know something about the woman I'll be consoling tonight."
―Garik "Face" Loran and the captain of Red Feathers trade insults 
"Welcome to the Stenness Spaceport. Docking facilities are located on levels twenty-three, twenty-four, and twenty-five. Food troughs are located on levels fifty, through fifty-three. Brothels are located on levels fifty-four through one-thousand."
―Stenness Hyperspace Terminal announcer — (audio) Listen (file info) 
"Their force nearly equals ours?! Unacceptable odds! Order an immediate retreat!"
―A Neimoidian commander, displaying typical Neimoidian battle tactics 
"They won't be back for the sequel!"
―Unidentified AT-AT pilot, breaking the fourth wall 
"Let the family know what I'm doing. You don't have to glorify it, but don't demean it either. One day you'll understand, I hope, and on that day I pray this will all have been a bad dream from very long ago. I love you and may the Force be with you."
―Rebel pilot, writing home before Battle of Yavin 
Han: "Where's my daughter?"
Officer: "Your daughter? A man of your age. I'm impressed."
―72-year-old Han Solo and a Human officer, on Amelia 
Chief engineer: "Sir, we've identified the trouble. The engineering compartments are swarming with, well, saboteur droids."
Zsinj: "Would you like to try again?"
Chief engineer: "Standard MSE-6 utility droids, sir. They've gone mad or been reprogrammed. With their internal tools, they're opening access hatches, chewing their way into wire clusters, sending false data, dragging chips out of their housings. All in the hyperdrive systems."
Zsinj: "And what are you doing about this?"
Chief engineer: "We're, uh, kicking the things to pieces with our boots, Warlord."
―The chief engineer of Iron Fist and a baffled Warlord Zsinj 
"The planetary perimeter shield will open in exactly 3.2 seconds. Follow your pre-arranged flight path, or you will be vaporized. If you make any sudden maneuvers, you will be vaporized. If you deviate from your course by one degree, you will be vaporized. Welcome to the planet Byss."
―A Byss Security computer, welcomes the Starlight Intruder to Byss — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Han: "You repair droids?"
Owner: "We do. We have cleverly concealed that information on the sign outside, the blinking apparatus that reads NINGAL'S DROID REPAIR."
―Han Solo, in disguise, and the owner of Ningal's Droid Repair 
Sith soldier #1: "We found a young Twi'lek in the back. She's got quite the mouth on her! She swore at me and spit on my uniform."
Sith soldier #2: "She tried to bite me through my armor! And you should hear what she said about my mother!"
―Sith troopers on board Leviathan having a slight babysitting issue with Mission Vao 
"While the sacrifices are heavy, we fight knowing that a single spark of courage can ignite the fires of hope, and restore peace across the galaxy."
―A Republic trooper at the Battle of Alderaan — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Vader: "You seem distraught, Major. Perhaps a long walk and some fresh air would help clear your mind."
Kuhru: "A walk? B-but, my Lord, I don't see what—"
Vader: "Major!"
Kuhru: "Yes…walk…fresh…air…walk…yes…air…walk…mmm…yes…nice…"
Officer #1: "Lord Vader! Our instruments indicate that an exterior airlock has just opened and closed—of its own volition!"
Vader: "How curious. A faulty mechanism, no doubt."
Officer #2: "Oh. Y-yes, sir. Of course."
―Darth Vader uses a mind trick to dispose of Major Kuhru after the latter failed to capture Luke Skywalker during a mission 
Mace: "You certainly do come prepared."
Confederate: "Yup. Let's have that blaster, eh? Nice and easy."
Mace: "I wish I could tell you how many times teams like yours have come after me. Not just in alleys. On the street. Caves. Cliffs. Freighter holds. Dry washes. You name it."
Confederate: "And now you're caught. Put the blaster on the ground and kick it toward my friend here."
Mace: "Pirates. Bounty hunters. Tribals. Howlpacks." [sets the blaster on the ground and kicks it over] "Armed with everything from thermal detonators to stone axes. And sometimes just claws and teeth."
Confederate: "Now the lightsaber."
Mace: "You are better prepared than most. But like all those others, you've forgotten the only piece of equipment that would actually do you any good."
Confederate: "Yeah? What's that?"
Mace: "An ambulance."
―Mace Windu and a Confederate team leader 
Sentry #1: "That's the proximity alarm. Got to be one of ours, right?"
Sentry #2: "Or someone committing suicide-by-Mandalorian."
―Two Mandalorian sentries on Flashpoint 
Klatooinian: "Just like a human. Brings a vibroknife to a blaster fight."
Jax: [flings blasters away] "Just like a couple of muscle-bound spiceheads. Using blasters against the Force."
―A Klatooinian thug and Jax Pavan 
"There is no passion; there is boredom. There is no ignorance; there is endless repetition."
―The Tarisian Padawans' interpretation of the Jedi Code 
Harrar's pilot: "Jaina Solo is destroyed. It appears Charat Kraal rammed her."
Harrar: "You must be mistaken."
Harrar's pilot: "I think not. I witnessed the two images merge. There was energy released. Both images are gone."
Harrar: "Well?"
Harrar's pilot: "You…are correct. Jaina Solo is not where I thought she was. Not in the minefield at all. She is in the vicinity of the worldship."
Harrar: "And Charat Kraal?"
Harrar's pilot: "Still dead."
―Harrar and his pilot discussing Charat Kraal's demise 
Zabrak: "Don't you like my touch?"
Aurra: "Not particularly. I also don't like your appearance, your attitude, your breath, and particularly your body odor. You stink."
―A Zabrak and Aurra Sing 
Exile: "You two better back off before you're kissing duracrete."
Exchange Thug #1: «Eh? Why kiss stone ground?»
Exchange Thug #2: «This Human is threatening us, suggesting the violence she inflicts upon us will be akin to a mating ritual with an unresponsive stone.»
―Two Exchange thugs analyse a threat from the Jedi Exile 
Guard: "Ready to go, sir!"
Obi-Wan: "The Force is with you!"
Guard: "But I'll keep my blaster with me just in case."
―A Naboo Palace Guard and Obi-Wan Kenobi confer before the Second Battle of Theed 
Han Solo: "All right, last chance. Open that door or I shave you, dip you in gold paint, and sell you to Jawas for spare parts."
Bothan: "I'm not a droid."
Han Solo: "I'll sell you to especially stupid Jawas."
Bothan: "Forgive me, General. But I won't help you, and you won't sell me. You're a hero of the Alliance."
Han Solo: "Leia, I swear, I hate having a good reputation. I hate it."
―Han Solo and Natasi Daala's Bothan aide during Plan Delta 
Solo: "Got that, Fuzzy? I just shot a bunch of troopers in the back. Would a hero of the Alliance do that?"
Bothan: "I bet you used stun bolts."
―Han Solo and Natasi Daala's Bothan aide, during Plan Delta 
"Does the weapon begin with the letter A?"
―Weequay bodyguard, speaking to his quay 
Reporter: "Why'd you choose here to turn yourself in?"
Dorvald: "I was going to end up here anyway. I understand Natasi wants to chat with me. Maybe we'll talk about boys, or I can give her some good political advice."
―Seha Dorvald and a news reporter, as Dorvald turns herself in at the Senate building 
"Greetings. In the equation A = (π/1012 × 16,072)(R×R)(E∞)², can you tell me what the value of A is?"
―A Givin 
HX-138: "The Emperor will hear about you and all your fine work here. You are a true hero."
Spacer: "Great. Tell him I miss Alderaan."
―HX-138 and a spacer, amidst the Zombie apocalypse 
Pizztov: "Let me go with the canister and I won't kill this annoying female."
Boba Fett: "No. Kill her. I don't care."
Vel: "Same deal here."
Annoying female: "Hey!"
―Pizztov, Boba Fett, Sintas Vel, and an annoying female in the middle of a firefight 
Interrogator: "What happened to your partner? Malak?"
Revan: "I killed him."
Interrogator: "Why?"
Revan: "It's complicated."
―Revan and a Sith interrogator 
"Law without mercy, order without compassion, duty without love. That is the Empire."
―A spacer 
Merchant: "Is this for the war effort?"
Skirata: "No, I'm a pacifist."
Merchant: "You're a Mandalorian..."
Skirata: "Would you start a fight with me?"
Merchant: "No..."
Skirata: "See? I'm a force for peace."
―A Rodian merchant and Kal Skirata 
Luugro: «You seem to be taking great interest in our progress. Do you need something, little man?»
Unidentified Rodian: «Quiet, Luugro! That's Calo Nord, the infamous bounty hunter!»
Calo Nord: "There's a bounty on your little green heads. I'm here to collect."
Luugro: «The only way you'll collect that bounty is over our cold, dead bodies!»
Calo Nord: "That's the plan."
―Calo Nord about to kill Luugro and another Rodian 
Moisture farmer: "I'm looking for humidity sensors. Sandstorm did a number on my vaporators."
Jawa trader: «Sensors in stock. Discount on bulk orders!»
Moisture farmer: "Great. I'll take, oh, ten sensors, and… hold on. I recognize those scraps. You stole them off my farm!"
Jawa trader: «We no steal! We salvage! Now you buy, with discount!»
―A moisture farmer negotiates with a Jawa trader on Tatooine 
Female patron: "So? How'd you make out, sweetie?"
Male patron: "Uh, okay, now before you freak…"
Female patron: "What. Happened."
Male patron: "Well, there was this Devaronian at the table, kept raising the stakes. Cleaned me out so I, uh, put you up as collateral."
Female patron: "What!"
Male patron: "Look, give me three hours in that casino and I'll win enough to buy you back, promise. Just… spot me a few credits?"
―A bad night for a casino patron and his partner at the Star Cluster Casino 
Organ harvester #1: "Are you deaf? I asked for Iridonian hearts! Not Rodian, not Ithorian! Iridonian!"
Organ harvester #2: "What do you want me to do, put 'em back?"
Organ harvester #1: "Try stealing a brain. You could use one."
―An illicit organ trade goes sour on Nar Shaddaa — (audio) Listen (file info) 
Human customer: "Hey! This droid you sold me is a piece of junk! I want my money back!"
Jawa trader: «No refunds! You keep!»
Human customer: "But it's busted! Stupid thing's vocabulator broke down as soon as I got home. Won't say a word now!"
Jawa trader: «Vocabulator not broken! Is feature!»
―A Human customer negotiates with a Jawa trader on Tatooine 
Thrawn: "In the name of the Empire, I declare the Ukian system to be once again under the mandate of Imperial law and the protection of Imperial forces. You will lower your shields, recall all military units to their bases, and prepare for an orderly transfer of command." [no response] "I know you're receiving this message. If you fail to respond, I will have to assume that you mean to resist the Empire's offer. In that event, I would have no choice but to open hostilities."
Comm officer: "They're sending another transmission. Sounds a little more panicked than the first one was."
Thrawn: "I'm certain their third will be even more so. Prepare for firing sequence one."
―Grand Admiral Thrawn, beginning the re-conquest of Ukio 
"Unattended craft parked in the yellow zone will be towed."
―Rebel announcer for the Defiance 
Human pilot: "Finally had enough of this dump, eh? Where to, chief?"
Evocii refugee: «I don't care. Someplace far away from the Hutts and their decadence.»
Human pilot: "Not picky, I see. You Evocii have lost, what, two homes to the Hutts now?"
Evocii refugee: «That's right.»
Human pilot: "Ouch. But hey, third time's a charm, right?"
―A Human pilot fails to console an Evocii refugee on Nar Shaddaa 
Kaliyo: "I like to think you'll be trouble, Blade. You'll be bloodthirsty. Treacherous. Because I could enjoy keeping an eye on a bloodthirsty, treacherous pirate."
Agent: "I'm not going to be trouble."
Kaliyo: "Shh. Don't spoil the moment."
―Kaliyo Djannis, introducing herself to an Intelligence agent posing as a pirate 
"On every world the Sith Empire strikes, we will be there too. We will sacrifice when necessary. We will never surrender. For hope; for freedom; for the Republic!"
―Havoc Squad commander — (audio) Listen (file info) 
"Fill your enemies with primal fear, then fill their lungs with fire!"
―Ancient Gand proverb 
"Investigate? You're just like the others – fodder for the Selkath. Walking fish snacks. Chomp, chomp, chomp – if you can run you might be fast food."
―An insane Republic trooper, to Revan 
"It's getting very… dark. The core is… no longer returning… my signal. I do not want… to go off-line. I am… afraid."
―A grapple droid, separated from the core and about to 'die' 
"Bye-bye. Go look for fishy people. They'll chomp and bite and chomp and bite. Food for fishy – that's you."
―An insane Republic trooper, to Revan, about the Selkath 
Fett's bounty: "You'll never take me alive, Fett!"
Boba Fett: "All well and good!"
―Boba Fett corners one of his bounties 
Revan: "Come out—we'll protect you from the Selkath."
Republic trooper: "No, no, no, no, no. That's what the others said. Mercenaries, like you. But they're dead. The Selkath ate them! Lunchie-munchie!"
―Revan and an insane Republic trooper 
"Sometimes I wonder if the right hand of the Republic knows what the left hand is doing."
―Harbinger captain, shortly before his death 
Hapan: "This creature has information that could lead us to a woman who has been kidnapped. We will get that information."
Luke: "This woman is a citizen of the New Republic, and if you do not take your hands off her, I will take your hands off you."
―Luke Skywalker threatens a group of Hapans who hold Omogg captive 
Han: "Him? You sure it's him?"
Glymphid: "The human traveling with the Millennium Falcon, pale hair, low intelligence—"
Luke: "Hey!"
Glymphid: "—answers to the name of Luke."
Han: "That's you all right, kid."
―A Glymphid and Han Solo, about Luke Skywalker 
"There are whole star systems whose gross domestic product is less than the cost of a single Imperial Destroyer. There are whole nations which, throughout their entire history, do not use as much energy as an Imperial expends to make a single hyperspace jump."
―Excerpt from an Imperial Navy report to the Emperor's advisors on budgetary affairs 
"Wherever your travels take you in the Galaxy, the forces of the Empire are there, keeping you safe and secure!"
―Imperial propaganda broadcast at the refugee camp on Arkinnea 
Mandalore: "I see what they're doing. I see a defense without honor."
Mandalorian soldier: "Agreed. What is your command, Mand'alor?"
Mandalore: "Let them see what such a defense deserves. Let them burn."
―Mandalore the Ultimate, just before the Battle of Serroco 
Officer: "Colonel, we have a sort of strange transmission standing by for you…if you want to take it. It's a civilian who won't identify himself, says he's going to shake the armed services here until they crack, but it's nothing personal."
Sorrel: "It's not my husband again, another of his jokes?"
Officer: "Not… this time."
―Communications officer and Kadana Sorrel 
Obrim: "Unless you want your rivets felt, tinnie boy, step out of my way."
Droid: "This is an outrage. There'll be a formal complaint to your superiors."
Obrim: "Before you do that, ask your chief executive about his interest in Twi'lek artistic pursuits on every fourth of the month, and if he'd like me to give police surveillance holovids of the visits to the cultural center to his lovely wife. Your call."
―Coruscant Security Force Captain Jaller Obrim, dealing with an obstructing medical droid while rescuing Republic Commando Fi Skirata from the Republic Central Medcenter 
Salesman: "Interested in a jetpack? Barely a scratch on it. It'll look great with that battle armor. Eh, same color, even."
Jango: "I'll take that off your hands."
Salesman: "Eh, how much you offerin'?"
Jango: [draws blaster] "Your life."
―Jango Fett, obtaining a new jetpack on Outland Station 
Rodian: "May I help you?"
Sinube: [mind trick] "We know where we're going."
Rodian: "You know where you are going."
Sinube: "We must be careful not to warn him."
Ahsoka: "But, Master, we don't know where we're going."
―Tera Sinube and Ahsoka Tano, searching for a suspect at the Spider Arms Hostel 
Darth Vader: "Three of you came to Vaklin. Only Cho'na Bene remains — Where is he? Tell me and I will permit your exile."
Unidentified reptilian Jedi Knight: "I will die by your hands, sssith. As we both know. You cannot bear to pass the executioner's blade to another. Mercy is certainly beyond you."
―Darth Vader interrogates his captured Jedi prisoner 
Royal Guardsman: "Where is everyone?"
Vader: "Ambushed. Attacked."
Royal Guardsman: "Then where are the survivors?"
Vader: "There aren't any."
Royal Guardsman: "Then where are the bodies?"
Vader: "Eaten."
―Darth Vader and a pair of Royal Guard try to track down the Heinsnake Cult 
"May the Force be with you, because gravity's against you."
―A Jawa, assisting a prototype droid with a lifting mission 
Repeats and sayings
"What an incredible smell you've discovered."
―Han Solo, to Leia Organa, and Obi-Wan Kenobi, to Anakin Skywalker 
"I have a bad feeling about this."
―Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Han Solo, Leia Organa, and a whole bunch of others 
"Assumption is the first step to a shallow grave."
―Basic translation of Saltan valoramosa n telvalk mord 
"Peace is a lie, there is only passion.
Through passion, I gain strength.
Through strength, I gain power.
Through power, I gain victory.
Through victory, my chains are broken.
The Force shall free me."
―The Sith Code 
"For every bounty hunter that can do the job, there are a thousand more who think they can."
―Old saying among crimelords 

"There is no emotion. There is peace.
There is no ignorance. There is knowledge.
There is no passion. There is serenity.
There is no chaos. There is harmony.
There is no death. There is the Force."
―Jedi Code, as recited by Vandar Tokare, Zhar Lestin and others in Knights of the Old Republic 
"May the Force be with you."
―Repeated line, first spoken by Jan Dodonna in A New Hope 
"Utinni!"
―A Jawaese interjection 
"What begins, ends.
What is born, dies.
All that is made can be un-made.
Dark has no meaning without light,
And for all living things
there is the final
silence."
―"Life's Memories" by Soshu Londahl (translated from the Ithorese) 
"The bigger the galaxy, the sweeter the homecoming."
―Corellian proverb 
